{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red135\green135\blue135;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that students should not be required to take courses in imaginative literature because this will cost them money and they may lose their focus on majors
\f1 ,
\f0  unless they want to fulfill their interest.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Students go to universities for their development with very different aims. Some of them will take this period as a way of fulfilling their interests which they dreamed from their young. So they will take this opportunity to be a knowledgable person as much as possible and they are likely to touch what could make them well-rounded. The requirement of taking imaginative literature would fulfill their interest and leave them a good memory in life. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  I attended Advanced Chinese at university although I major in Agriculture. The professor of Advanced Chinese is quite knowledgable and she left me with a great impression of how to taste what behind the ancient words of chinese poem. I learned how to decode the feelings of those poets and I can read chinese poem by myself then. This is the ability I have always been dreamed of and I fulfilled it in university.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 However
\f1 ,
\f0  not every student have the dream of reading and understanding poem
\f1 ,
\f0  so it is really unnecessary for all college to require students taking imaginative literature especially those who major in science. Since students will pay for the credits by their own and they will learn how to cope with fees and time
\f1 ,
\f0  it is really a waste of time and money for science students to take literature classes. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when a students is studying computer science
\f1 ,
\f0  his major requires him to know the basic logic of computer and coding. In his major
\f1 ,
\f0  there are no space for a novel or poem to be applied on computers. So this student lost his money and valuable time of acquiring his degree and
\f1 ,
\f0  what's more
\f1 ,
\f0  drop on the literature class.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Further
\f1 ,
\f0  well-rounded is not necessarily connected with imaginative literature. It is a very broad idea which could be connected to many different area. If a music college wants students to be well-rounded
\f1 ,
\f0  it could require students to attend the music classes and students could be benefited from professional music knowledge and understand more about their college. In this way
\f1 ,
\f0  college save the money of hiring the professor of imaginative literature outside of campus and they can manage the resources efficiently as they want.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  unless students want to take class as they dreamed to
\f1 ,
\f0  college should not require students take imaginative literature for saving money and time of students and managing related classes as they want.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
30min\
}