{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 13.The extended family (grandparents, cousins, aunts, and uncles) is less important now than it was in the past.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether the extended family has less effects today starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that the extended family are now still have great influence today, because they can help you when you are in need. However, from my perspective, now the extended family are not as important as before, for information, career, and time.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, people do not rely on their extended family for information today. Due to the fact that in the past we live with our extended family together, we share with each other not only food and joy but also information. They are reliable information source in the past.\
For example, in China people do not live with each other too far in the past. People can share information and knowledge about living, such as food prices, between each other. Now we can know more through internet by searching what we want online. Since we can know what to buy with a more suitable price in Taobao, we do not need to ask our neighbours and relatives for details.\
Therefore, the extended family have less influence on us now.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, people do not have similar career with the extended family today. Since many people are living with their job related to their family or extended family in the past, they have very close relationship with each other for bussiness. Now there are many new opportunities for young people and they are finding job through all the countries. So they do not rely on their extended family today.\
For example, when Jack Ma stepped on the land of the US in 1990s, he was a English teacher then. As his family were all teachers, he chose what they chose in Hangzhou. But he found that there is a big chance for future of internet commerce. So he left his secure job and started his own bussiness for Alibaba.\
While, if he had stayed at what his family do, he would never achieve that great company.\
Therefore, today the extended family have less influence on people's career choice.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, the extended family still have influence when we are making decisions together since we respect them. \
Nonetheless, we spend less time with the extended family together. \
For example, today young people are trapped into the social network such as facebook. They show their life with cool things online. So today they are conforming what they saw online and they do not listen to their family or extended family as before.\
On the contrary, before we have facebook, young people know more about their relatives nearby and they can only conform them.\
Therefore, social network makes people less influenced with their extended family.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, now the extended family are not as important as before, for information, career, and time.\
\
26min\
}