{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 34.Educating children is a more difficult task today than it was in the past because they spend so much time on cell phone, online games, and social networking Website.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether educating children is a more difficult task today than it was in the past starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it was no harder than today, because children have always the same characters as before].  However, from my perspective, children are more difficult to educate than before, for cell phone distracting, online games addiction, and useless social network chatting.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, cell phones distract children with endless notification nowadays. Due to the fact that cell phones provide a instinct way of communication for users, students can be attracted by messages and calls many times a day. So children are kept distracting\uc0\u160  by their cell phones and this will make them harder to focus on education they receive.\
For example, I once prepared my exam and the cell phone kept sending me notification of trending messages and I receive lots of calls form salesman. With endless information distracting me and I had to close my cell phone to focus on my exam.\uc0\u160 \
On the contrary, if I had lost myself in the information they send me, I would drop out from my university.\
Therefore,with cell phones distracting children, it is harder to educate than before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, online games make students addicated to competition in it. Since children are easily to be motivated by a instinct feedback, online games are full of those things. It is rather easy for students to be addicated by online games and make them hard to focus long term project espically education for them.\
For example, after invention of online games like WOW which encourages characters kill each other to get reward, there are many news of students traped in this game and do not want to go to school. By getting the achievements easily by clicking mouse, they know how to get reward of killing and beating others while this only make people harder to respect others. Children without knowing how important the education is may be addicated and lost in WOW forever.\
While, before we invented online games, there are no such a deep way for children to take part in the visual world.\
Therefore, online gamesmake it harder for education today.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, someone may think children get released by new technology. \
Nonetheless, social networking only provide useless chatting. \
As students are always care what they are in eyes of others, they keeping talking about themselves and others for useless comparision which leads to time consuming and they get nothing from it but others opinions.\
For example, by talking on the facebook, students are seaching what their friends doing and what they can do similiarly but never on education. This only make students think about nothing but showing off.\
On the contrary, before they are connected by social network, they only talk to their friends.\
Therefore, social network provideuseless information.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, children are more difficult to educate than before, for cell phone distracting, online games addiction, and useless social network chatting.\
\
31min}