{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I believe that we define ourselves are not totally by identification with social groups and even we are identification with any social groups we do not define ourselves by this identification although we may sometimes do so by joining a social group.\
\
Since social groups are of interests of all main leaders, leaders are trying to convey the message that we are all part of it and we should maintain the existence of it. When we are living in a social group, we pay the price of living together and we are aware that we must get more or less return from our money and effort so we are identified us as a member of it. For example, we are all citizens of a country and we pay the tax of public service of maintaining it. If we are aware that we are building this group together and the future of this group is determined by our behaviors, we will do something to make this group be better. So we are defining us as a real citizen of this country not only by born from this place with identification of it.\
\
However, we do not always define us by this easiest way since we must wholly recognize that the future of one group is of our own value. We can define us with identification but also we are facing the pressure of practical life. For example, when an international student finished her study in the US, she may find that her scientist dream may be impractical as the ability to find a related job and she has to give up his identification of researchers group and become a humble officer. It is similar to the citizens that when there are warfare and turmoil in the country they will move to other areas.\
\
Further, we are not necessary to bind us with our identification with a social group since we only partly recognize its idea and we are free to be an outsider of this group. For example, we may always think it is a good idea of protecting our enviornment and we do apply this idea to everyday life such as reuse the material as much as it can be. But we are not going to protest with those members of the environment-friendly group and we will define us between the ideas of more close to protecting rather destroying. \
\
In conclusion, we are sometimes defining ourselves by contributing to our social group, but we can always reserve our rights of choice of our real value and not bind us to our recongnition.\
\
40min}