{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 31.Because the world is changing so quickly, people now are less happy or less\uc0\u160 satisfied with their lives than people were in the past.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
When the debate on whether people now are less happy or less satisfied with their lives than people were in the past starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that people are more happy today, because they can change with time. However, from my perspective, people are less satisfied today, for salaries comparing, industry changing, and money inflation.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, people can compare their enviornment easily through internet. Due to the fact that internet have endless information of all areas, it is easy for people to search salary and environment situations for their jobs and other jobs. By comparing what other jobs have with what their jobs have, it is easy for people to feel less satisfied.\
For example, there are websites for employment showing all the salaries to everyone now. When people are searching the job opportunities, they can find the salary through job descriptions. Today a software engneer can make ten times more than average works and this happens very fast since the internet economy starts no more than 10 years ago. Facing the changed time, many workers may feel sad about their pay compared with others let alone the rising house rent.\
Therefore, people feel less happy from comparing environment and salaries between them.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, people feel less happy when indusry changes. Since different times have different industries, what are first now may be not the best in the next time. People put all the money and efforts in one time may feel unhappy when their industry are not shining any more.\
For example, in China, the best jobs change over time. In 30 years ago, the best job is salesman since there are many import goods to sell. In 20 years ago, the best job is translator since they can talk with managers from foreign countries. In 10 years ago, the best job is civil engineer since there are many great projects in China. But now the best job is software engineer for the booming economy of internet. The best job changes for what different time needs. If people are not in best industry now, they would feel unhappy as before since they do not have the best job.\
While, if time do not changes so fast, people may still enjoy their industry advantage so they can have better time than others.\
Therefore, people are less satisfied now.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, time changes so fast and brings us new inventions for life. \
Nonetheless, people are thrown into competitions with inflation economy. \
For example, today almost all countries are running inflation economy. People have currencies of saving money, but their money are losing value. Since economy are booming with investing in new areas, money has been rented in investing. So the credit and money has been increasing and people are keeping losing money value in many ways. People are not only need to compete in job market but also how to save what they have.\
Therefore, people feel less happy about what they are now.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, people are less satisfied today, for salaries comparing, industry changing, and money inflation.\
\
\
49min\
}