{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 46.The opinions of celebrities, such as famous entertainers and athletes, are more important to younger people than they are to older people.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether the opinions of celebrities, such as famous entertainers and athletes, are more important to younger people starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that the opinions of celebrities are more important to older people, because older people are always confused about new things. However, from my perspective, the opinions of celebrities, such as famous entertainers and athletes, are more important to younger people, for conform, peer pressure, and success.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, young people are easy to conform. Due to the fact that young people do not know what they need, stars are always have their commercial support and they represent the brand. So young people are easy to conform what stars chose.\
For example, as Kobe has always been the famous star of NBA, he endorsed some sports brand. Young people will buy shoes and they choose what stars chose. Since they do not make money, young people only consider what they what rather what they can afford.\
On the contrary, older people are always consider what they need to buy one thing.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, young people are under peer pressure. Since young people do not know this world, they usually follow what others do by peer pressure. Celebrities are supported by so many people so that they are famous and become celebrities. The vast amount of supporters will influence what young people do.\
For example, once I chose what shoes I should buy, I watched what my classmates bought for several days to find out what is the coolest style now. So I made my choice based on the several styles my friends have since I want to have similar shoes with them.\
While, older people are always make decision independently and they know how to make them happy rather what their friends feel about tem.\
Therefore, young people are more influenced by peer pressure form opinions of celebrities.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, not all older people are more decisive than young people. \
Nonetheless, young people are easier to follow what they think are successful and rich. \
As young people are always want money and fame, they always want to know the secret of success. So young people are more easy to listen to those celebrities rather than listen to their own judgement.\
For example, Jack Ma made a lot of speeches and most of listeners are young people. Jack Ma is a very successful bussinessman and a lot of chinese young people want to be as rich as him. So when Jack Ma said something, young people are always share his words on social network. Young people focused on famous people and they are more easy to be influenced. \
On the contrary, older people care more about what they can do and do it better rather than what they should do.\
Therefore, young people are more influenced by the celebrities.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, the opinions of celebrities, such as famous entertainers and athletes, are more important to younger people, for conform, peer pressure, and success.\
\
37min}