{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 2.Always telling the truth is the most important consideration in any relationship between people.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is always important to telling the truth starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better not to tell the truth to people, because this may hurt their feelings.  However, from my perspective, always telling the truth is the most important consideration in any relationship between people, for facing problems, changing errors, and telling real friends.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, parents tell the truth to children can help children face problems. Due to the fact that parents are best teachers to their children, it is better to let children know how things are and what they should do from telling the truth by parents. So parents can help children face problems in life since this is the first step of all solutions.\
For example, my parents told me the actual income they have in my early age and they provide me with pocket money I can have. They gave me choices to either work part-time jobs to earn by myself or just accumulate money they give me to buy what I want. I first time know that I should make money for myself and achieve my dream by myself. That is why I am able to solve problems independently since my very early age.\
On the contrary, if my parents had not told me how much they have and how much I can get, I would never think about the way I can make money.\
Therefore, it is good to tell the truth between parents and children.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, teachers tell the truth to students would change their mistakes. Since teachers are leaders for students on the road of knowledge, telling the truth to students will help them change and they are benefited for whole life.\
For example, when I was learning coding in my junior high shcool, I was taught by a serious teacher and he always gave me so many useful advice for coding. What is more, he reminded me with what I did wrong directly so I changed a lot of bad habits and mistakes. It is great to have a teacher telling you the truth when you are young and I do appericate the great contributions he made to me. \
Therefore, it is very good to have teachers tell you the truth.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, telling the truth may hurt friendship someway. \
Nonetheless, true friend ship will be strengthened in truth.\
For example, I learned a lot of things through my life with my friend. We gave advice to each other not because of jealous but true help. So with time passing on, we have very strong friendship since we are very young.\
On the contrary, we may never do things like what we can at our best before.\
Therefore, it is more important to telling the truth to your true friends and you will never lost friendship.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, always telling the truth is the most important consideration in any relationship between people, for facing problems, changing errors, and telling real friends.\
\
28min\
}