{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 14.People benefit more from traveling in their own country than from traveling to foreign countries.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether people benefit more from traveling in their own country than from traveling to foreign countries starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better to travle in foreign countries, because they can know something different in their culture. However, from my perspective, people benefit more from traveling in their own country than from traveling to foreign countries, for saving money, understanding own culture, and avoiding danger.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, people can save money to travel in their own countries. Due to the fact that\uc0\u160  money is very important for people to consider on traveling, people usually pay for themselves to travel. They can use same budget to have more time to spend on what they enjoy.\u160 \
For example, China is a very large country that has many latitudes from tropical to cold zone. So as a chinese, I can enjoy different sceneries all in my own country. It can really save me a lot of money since I can travel by self driving or train.\uc0\u160 \
On the contrary, if I were a canadian, I would never got the chance of traveling to tropical by train. Compared with train, plane will cost you more for sure.\
Therefore, it can save a lot of money to travel in own countries for people.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, people can know more about their own culture by traveling in their countries. Since one can know more about their culture through learning human landscape in their own culture, traveling in his country will help a person to be a knowledgeable man.\
For example, when I was traveling to temples in great mountains, I always saw some characters written on the walls or doors. By learning the background of writers and times, I graduately know why they wrote it and how to decipher similar characters. So I learned more about chinese culture not only from boos but also by traveling in my own country.\
While, if I had traveled to foreign countries, I would never know that much about my own culture.\
Therefore, traveling in one's own country can help him know more about their culture.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, traveling around the world can make you know more about your culture through comparision. \
Nonetheless, you may face some difficulties or even dangers in abroad. \
For example, it is really hard for one to travel in foreign countries since one do not understand language and culture there. Unless you have someone to help you, you may face a lot of difficulities. Even you have a tour guide, you may still face some situations by your mistakes. While I can travel in China by speaking chinese and I can call 110 when I meet some dangers and I know laws about how to avoid cheating.\
Therefore, traveling in my own countries will help me avoid dangers.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, people benefit more from traveling in their own country than from traveling to foreign countries, for saving money, understanding own culture, and avoiding danger.\
\
39min}