{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For the reason
\f1 ,
\f0  I agree that the reputation of anyone under the scrutiny of media will finally disappear in some way because of the distortion power of media and the contrast to people's unpractical expectation. For the claim
\f1 ,
\f0  I disagree that people will see the hero in a more practical way.\
\
The media are always using their power to make appealing news for people. It is the attention of people supporting the media. Media is doing their best to attract people as much as possible especially the online media since all they need is the click of people's mouse. I would like to stress that media are always trying to make some nobody famous for people to see hope of general life. So the media is eager to build the model of life. But there are also some media are responsible for the motivation of destroying what makes people look general. So they are trying to make the hero failing off the high stage. It is really hard for anyone famous to avoid the attack of media from behind of his back. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  there are endless of message of reporting some real life hero with a very bad status since they are forgoted by the pubilc like the war hero in\'a0. Media are eager to show how they are contrated living badly so attract people the second for their life.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Further
\f1 ,
\f0  people have very different living status and backgroun so they form their attitude of hero based on their own life. As people know more about of the hero through media
\f1 ,
\f0  they will find something quite different from what they had imagined before and they may be suprised by those message. It is likely people will think something based on their own experience and do not think those people still have the respect earned from people. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when a famous sports man win the gold medal in the international competition
\f1 ,
\f0  he gets the respect and honor from people. But when the media shows the picture of drug abuse evidence of the sports man
\f1 ,
\f0  people will do not respect this man anymore but they may forget to know that the sportsman are doing something when he was young and every young can make false as that age.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 I disagree with the claim that people will not have hero in the future. It is the help of media that helped us to see the hero in a mutiple way so we can know a person in real. People will not take someone as a hero and worship as he is a god but people will take the hero as a neighbor of his family and people will follow the great behavior of them. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  if we know more about people
\f1 ,
\f0  we will find how they live their life in real. We will pratice what they did in the same situation as a normal behavior. People will know that the hero is a general man with courage and we can all do the same things like him.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  I agree that the media will eliminate the reputation of a hero
\f1 ,
\f0  but we can do the same thing like hero in the future.\'a0\
\
30min}