{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 21.For\uc0\u160 success\u160 in\u160 a\u160 future\u160 job,\u160 the\u160 ability\u160 to\u160 relate\u160 well\u160 to\u160 people\u160 is\u160 more\u160 important\u160 than\u160 studying\u160 hard\u160 in\u160 school.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether\uc0\u160 the ability to relate well to people is more important than studying hard in school starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is more important to relate to people well, because people can help you in the furture.  However, from my perspective, it is better to study hard in school, for acquiring knowledge, learning pratical skills, and attracting people.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, acquiring timeless knowledge is benificial to our whole life. Due to the fact that univerisity or shcool will provide basic knowledge of science and art, what we can acquire is valuable knowledge of all time. Except school, there will be no place for us to learn knowledge systematically, students should value what we can get from school.\
For example, before I studied at university, I had never touched basic knowledge of biology systematically from molecular biology to ecology. I learned how to detect DNA and also I made my self a report of dry area agriculture. So it is really helpful to study in university to put myself into sea of knowledge and I am able to see things from differnt views and levels.\
On the contrary, we can know more people and have meaningful social events in our whole life and we may never got the chance of learning systematically.\
Therefore, students should learn and do their best to acquire knowledge as much as possible.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, students can learn useful skills at school. Since we all need to make money in society and we should support us independently. it is important for us to learn pratical skills compared with relating to people well. By doing our schoolwork in group and do projects we can make friends too.\
For example, I once learned coding in university and I made my projects with classmates. By solving problems together, we know each other more and we became good friends. Studying hard can also make friends and also I learned how to financially support myself better instead of wasting valuable education resource of my university.\
While, if I had failed to do my schoolwork, I would never get to know my hacker friends and I can not support myself through university.\
Therefore, it is better to learn pratical skills than only relate friends well.\uc0\u160 \
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, friends can be lost if we forget to relate. \
Nonetheless, students can attract prominent people to become friends by studying hard. \
As students are always want to be noticed by others and they always want something good, it is cool and attracting in doing well at school.\
For example, I had done my ACM competition wonderfully and many famous hackers and students wanted to know me. \
On the contrary, if I had have nothing important as a student, I would never have so many friends in university.\
\
In a nutshell, it is better to study hard in school, for acquiring knowledge, learning pratical skills, and attracting people.}