{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 6.Life today is easier and more comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether life today is easier and more comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that life is not easier than before, because we have to solve endless problems and events in life. However, from my perspective, life today is easier and more comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children, for transportation, communication and information.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, today we have faster transportation. Due to the fact that countries have been busy with building faster and easier ways of transportation to boom economy. Transportation is easier for us than half century ago since there are more comfortable way to choose.\
For example, China has built many super high speed train since its 11th five year plan. People can choose fast and comfortable train from Beijing to Shanghai in 4 hours rather whole day before. So it provides us more chance of enjoying life with beautiful scenery or saving our efforts and time spent on boring road.\
On the contrary, in even 15 years ago, there will never be such a easy way for us.\
Therefore, transportation make us live better than before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, communication makes us closer than before. Since we have internet and smart cell phones today, we can talk to and see each other on screen that is we can not imagine before.\uc0\u160 \
For example, I can talk to my friend on wechat when we are graduated from university and we can learn what happened to each other since seperation. So we share our life experience and joy on cell phones. It is hard to imagine that people can communicate as long as they have wechat numbers of friends in 5 years ago.\
While, my grandparents have lost their connection with college friends and they miss them very much.\
Therefore, life is much easier than before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, life remains messy and we are lazy as before.\
Nonetheless, we have more information than before to help us.\
As internet has vast amount of knowledge, we can know people who have similiar situations like us and share experience of how to solving problems.\
For example, last time when I need some knowledge of cooking meals, I seached it on youtube and I get what I want seconds later. It is hard to imagine that we can have necessary imformation as easy as that in 10 years ago.\
On the contrary, my grandparents have to ask people to get what they need one by one.\
Therefore, information make life easier than before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, life today is easier and more comfortable than it was when your grandparents were children, for transportation, communication and information.\
\
24min}