{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The following is a memorandum from the business manager of a television station. \
\'a1\'b0Over the past year, our late-night news program has devoted increased time to national news and less time to weather and local news. During this time period, most of the complaints received from viewers were concerned with our station\'a1\'afs coverage of weather and local news. In addition, local businesses that used to advertise during our late-night news program have just canceled their advertising contracts with us. Therefore, in order to attract more viewers to the program and to avoid losing any further advertising revenues, we should restore the time devoted to weather and local news to its former level.\'a1\'b1 \
Write a response in which you discuss what specific evidence is needed to evaluate the argument and explain how the evidence would weaken or strengthen the argument. \
\
\
As the business manager of the television station, I would be concerened with two things; the fact that there are fewer advertisers during the late-night news, and the increased complaints recieved from viewers about weather and local news. To support the argument that the station should restore the time devoted to weather and local news, I would carefully analyze the reasons for these factors. \
In reguards to the complaints recieved, I would gather specific accounts that address both the issue of weather and local news. Several recorded phone calls, emails, or letters would suffice to show first-hand data that there is concern among some viewers. Next, I would do a thorough study into what percent of complaints are about news and weather, as opposed to other content of the program. If content complaints as well as specific weather and local-news related complaints are up, this would not support my argument. \
If historical evidence about viewership and number of written grievences could be gathered, this would be even better. The station could look at the specific complaints, and number of comments from the previous year and compare them to this year\'a1\'afs. Next, I would conduct surveys of viewers to understand the reasons why they watch the late- night news. I would also look at trends and variations among viewers of morning, evening, and late-night news. There is a chance that the demographics of individuals watching at these various times are completely different. A broad large-scale survey could be conducted to determine viewer interests. If other stations have taken such measures, perhaps this station could get a copy of results, to look at larger trends in the country. Before we assume that bringing back more local news and weather will increase our viewership, we need to understand why those individuals are not happy right now. \
In terms of a stations success, funding from advertisers is very important. A station can run if they lack the audience, but have a financial backing; not the other way around. I would ask the advertisers who have dropped their contracts with the station why they did so. If the reasoning was because the receptionist was rude to them last time they called the station, then we could address that problem instead of rearranging our programing. We could also analize what kinds of local advertisers are leaving. It could be that they have found more of an audience for their product advertising on another time-slot, or more specific special-interest cable channel that speaks more to their market. It would also be benificial to speak with the advertisers as their marketing people may have better insight into the viewership of the late-night news than the station has. The previously mentioned viewer survey could have already been done by the local business advertisers, and this could help the station realign itself with the market. Though it might be difficult to coordinate, it would definately be adventageous to contact other local station to inquire about their contract status with the local bussinesses. A general lackluster response from community business could be a result of a larger-scale economic downturn, rather than the change in programing of one station. If the station wants the support back from local bussiness advertisers, it can\'a1\'aft just make assumptions about what is driving contracts with television stations. \
Lastly, if all evidence seemed to suggest that the decreased covereage of local news and weather was the reason for increased complaints from viewers and dropped contracts of local business advertisers, then there could be a test piolet week or month of heavier covereage of weather and local news during the late-night broadcasting. If complaints are still pouring in, it might be time to fire the news anchor- or at least to thouroughly analize the possible consequense of and reasons for doing so. \
}