{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 42.Workers are more satisfied when they have many different types of tasks to do during the workday than when they do similar tasks all day long.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the debate on whether workers are more satisfied when they have many different types of tasks to do during the workday than when they do similar tasks all day long starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that works enjoy doing one things for long time, because this makes them focus on their projects.  However, from my perspective, it is better for them to , for avoiding tiredness, getting improved, and focusing on jobs.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, different tasks help workers avoid tiredness. Due to the fact that people can be distracted by changing tasks, workers would feel boring of keeping doing same things for whole day. That would lead them be tired of their jobs and make accidents.\
For example, truck drivers are usually driving whole day for a long period time. In the accident happened in Xi'an last year, there are 36 people died because of the tiredness of bus driver failing to figure out front walls. So with long period of driving in a day, it is easy for workers to be tired of situation. Drivers with tiredness would daydream and have car accidents.\
Therefore, it is better to assign varied tasks to workers.\
\
Secondly, varied tasks would improve ability of workers. Since practice makes perfect, workers can only know how to finish a task by doing it many times. By doing different tasks they can learn how to develop their ability and acquire more skills. So they are able to do more things and become better employees.\
For example, in industry area such as iron, low level works are doing one simple thing all day and their skill can be replaced by computer or robotics. But their leaders or managers can handle many tasks in one day such as decision making and communicating. Managers and leaders are workers before and they were assigned to tasks since then. They are promoted by their increased ability and so they are not workers anymore.\
Therefore, it is better for a workers to have different tasks for their future ability.\
\
Admittedly, keeping doing one thing can help workers do things better. \
Nonetheless, focusing is not samiliar to long time working. \
As workers should learn how to deal things one by one and they focus on what they can do, they would focusing on one thing at a time not just doing things at one time.\
For example, repeating simple gesture only makes workers easier to get disease and to daydream, they are not able to focus on their job. By changing tasks and focusing on their job at one time, they can make real productive attribution to their job and factory. In big company like Foxcon, they are thousands of workers doing simple jobs and they are easily to daydream and not able to satisify in the long time.\
Therefore, it is bettere to let workers change and do things in real life.\
\
In a nutshell, it is better for them to , for avoiding tiredness, getting improved, and focusing on jobs.\
}