{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that not all parents should be required to volunteer time to their children's school because this may leads to a time conflict and parents could be required to stay with their children at home with better results unless parents can help children learn the knowledge which books cannot provide.\
\
Parents are engaged in very different jobs. Some of them are serving the society in a position which students will never get the chance to know unless they introduce to children in the class. What is more
\f1 ,
\f0  by cooperate with the school
\f1 ,
\f0  parents will leave these children with a good impression of their jobs such as police officer and students may respect those jobs and join it in the future. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when I was in junior high school
\f1 ,
\f0  one of my classmates' father was coming to our class to introduce his working life as a police officer. Until then I know what the details of a policeman will experience. He taught us something to avoid possible harm from strangers and he gave us very good impression and I start to dream that I could be a policeman in the future.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  not every job could cooperate with school easily and parents in those jobs are always busy so that they may have time conflicts with volunteering to school. Since volunteering time to school is a personal life and company will pay for the time or even permit parents to go to it. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  if a man is a software engneer in the IT company
\f1 ,
\f0  he may be really busy with his job and this will make him hard to share time with his working time with school. The high pay of his job requires him to focus on the job and he may lost a lot of money for his missing in work or even lose it. Besides
\f1 ,
\f0  school children is not necessary for learning about life of a software engineer since they may never contact with a software engineer in real life.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  the statement assume let parents to volunteer time to school will help parents to spend more time with children so they will pay more attention to them. But this is not necessary for parents to share working time with school to a lot of children together. School could require parents to stay with their children every day in the home and this one to one acompany is surely better than a parent to stay with a class of children together. Teachers and school have already taught what is necessary for children in science and what is necessary\
for life should be left to parents to teach their children as parents want.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  unless parents can bring some knowledge that children can not learn from books
\f1 ,
\f0  not all parents should be required to volunteer time to school for possible time conflicts and better effects of teaching their children alone.\
\
29min}