{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that a nation should require all of its students to study the same national curriculum until they enter college
\f1 ,
\f0  because the nation could set standard entrance exam for college and make the curriculum flexible for free choice to children unless this curriculum costs too much resources.\
\
When the uniform curriculum is applied to all nation
\f1 ,
\f0  the goverment should make sure all the states has same resources to support the curriculum system. Usually
\f1 ,
\f0  there are a lot of unbalanced development situations spread the whole country. So if the curriculum costs too much for local governments or students to pay
\f1 ,
\f0  there would be some students dropping out of school for lack of enough money. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when it comes to the west part of China
\f1 ,
\f0  poverty is popular among all the states. Those local governments are hard to cope with what basic education needs such as musical instrument and sports field. Unless those schools can get all the financial support from governments
\f1 ,
\f0  they would set higher fees for every student to perform the curriculum and many students will never go to school for lacking money. So it is very important for the central government to consider the unbalanced development otherwise there would be a disaster for students.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  when the central government set the same curriculum with basic science knowledge
\f1 ,
\f0  it would be very easy for the government to set the standard entrance exam for college. When students are forced to learn the same curriculum
\f1 ,
\f0  they can be figured by the ability to remember and apply the knowledge they learned from the class. So there could be a fairly standard exam for them to take and the students of the whole nation could test them in the same paper. Surely
\f1 ,
\f0  this will save the time of colleges and make sure the fairness to all students. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  China set the same curriculum for basic science knowledge with every student and students must take the standard college entrance exam named Gaokao to give them a score. Chinese students of all the nation could take scores to apply the university they want and Colleges can save a lot of time to test all applier one by one.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  when the country set the necessary curriculum with minim requirement and leave students a lot of free to choose what they like
\f1 ,
\f0  students could balance the exam and interest by themselves. Students would\'a0\
be benefit from the idea of choosing what they really want and also make sure they can get the basic knowledge they need to become a modern man. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  Chinese governments set what the students in the high school stage need to learn and leave a lot of free choices for students to choose which book or curriculum they prefer to test in the exam. This is a win-win results between the government and students.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  a nation should avoid to set curriculum that local governments could not afford for school dropping and a nation should set same curriculum for students to take same entrance exam of college and set minim curriculum to give mature students more free space to development themselves.\
\
34min}