{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 50.All university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is.\uc0\u160 \
\
When the debate on whether all\uc0\u160 university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is\u160 starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that history could help students form greater perspective to see this world and their life, because history always repeat itself in someway.  However, from my perspective, it is unnessary for univerisity students to should\u160 be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is, for the additional costs of time, money, and limited benefits to some students.\
\
First, students have various classes to study on their own major. Due to the fact that to graduate from a university with a degree cost students a lot of time to special on what they major on. Spending time on history classes and getting a good score, which gives rise to share more time to unnecessary things.\uc0\u160 For example, I once majored medicine in university. Endless experiments and surgery does not spare me any more time on things I do not interested in, for example, history.\u160 On the contrary, if I had selected any history classed that may helped me only on those useless small topics and I would never get any progress on my pracition during history classes.\u160 Therefore, I would like students do not take history classes to save their valueable time in their best age and foucus what they can get on their major.\
\
Secondly, taking additional classes may increase costs of money which students should avoid. University have different classes but they all required fee for students who do not get full scholarships. If students are required to take history classes, they are forced to pay and definitely will increase students financial burden.For example, in the last 20 years of United States, there are incredible increasing of students tution fee which has been doubled while the income of family remain unchanged. Reducing any unnecessary cost for students may help their family form paying what they already suffered from loans they need to pay.On the contary, by adding more classes,\uc0\u160  a student from poor livings status may never pay the enough money to finish required classes to get the degree.Therefore, I would like students do not take history classes to save their limited money.\
\
Admittedly, although taking history classes may help students to know what happened in the past and form their perspective of development, but this is only helpful for students major in art. Since engeering and science students are focusing on creativity, we may not require all students to learn history for their sake.\
In a nutshell,\uc0\u160  it is unnessary for univerisity students to should\u160 be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is, since it will cost students aditional time and money.\
\
53min\
\
\
\'b8\'c4\'b6\'af\
50.All university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is.\uc0\u160 \
\
When the debate on whether all\uc0\u160 university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is\u160 starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that history could help students form greater perspective to see the world and their life, because history always repeat itself in someway.  However, from my perspective, it is unnessary for all univerisity students that they should\u160 be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is, for the additional costs of time, money, and limited benefits to some students.\
\
First, students who spare time for additional history classes may affect their effort and time on their own major. Due to the fact that to graduate from a university with a degree cost students a lot of time to special on what they major on. Spending time on history classes and getting a good score, which gives rise to share more time to unnecessary things.\uc0\u160 For example, I once majored medicine in university. Endless experiments and surgery does not spare me any more time on things I do not interested in, for example, history.\u160 On the contrary, if I had selected any history classed that may helped me only on those useless small topics and I would never get any progress on my pracition during history classes.\u160 Therefore, I would like students do not take history classes to save their valueable time in their best age and foucus what they can get on their major.\
\
Secondly, taking additional classes may increase costs of money which would make students take more financial burden. University have different classes but they all required fee for students who do not get full scholarships. If students are required to take history classes, they are forced to pay and definitely will increase students financial burden.For example, in the last 20 years of United States, there are incredible increasing of students tution fee which has been doubled while the income of family remain unchanged. Reducing any unnecessary cost for students may help their family form paying what they already suffered from loans they need to pay.On the contary, by adding more classes,\uc0\u160  a student from poor livings status may never pay the enough money to finish required classes to get the degree.Therefore, I would like students do not take history classes to save their limited money.\
\
Admittedly, although taking history classes may help students to know what happened in the past and form their perspective of history process, but this is helpful for students major in art while engeering and science students are focusing on creativity, so we would better not require all students to learn history classes.\
\
In a nutshell,\uc0\u160  it is unnessary for univerisity students to\u160 be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is, since it will cost students aditional time and money.}