{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green44\blue44;\red255\green255\blue255;\red239\green241\blue242;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c94902\c95686\c96078;
}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 45.In the past, young people depended too much on their parents to make decisions for them; today young people are better able to make decisions about their own lives.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the debate on whether young people are able to make decisions about themselves starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that young people should listen to their parents, because in the past parents experienced more than kids and world does not changed much.  However, from my perspective, today young people are better to make decisions of their own independently, for valuable internet information, their well-developed education experience, and forming critical thinking.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, today young people are easily accessed to endless valuable information of choices making. Due to the fact that internet have endless information for making decision and there are same question has been asked before many times, so young people as native internet residents can surely find that they are in the same situation with someone who successfully experienced before which gives rise to a lot of helpful information for them to make good decisions.\uc0\u160 For example, once I try to decide what level of university I could apply, I searched on the internet and find some one with samilar score as me. They appiled some university and listed their final results. So I can refer his experience and try to make a practional admission.On the contrary, my parents had never been to university before and they could only rely on their experience. Surely this may not be apporiate to me and I should make decision by myself.\u160 Therefore, young people should make full use of their powerful internet tool and make decisions by their own.\
\
Secondly, for the well-developed education, young people may understand their interest better than their parents. Since today we have built more full-fledged education system so that it has provided young people with more understanding of themselves. Young people can know various things in their earily life. So young people can know their interest clearly, which leads to a deep understand of own interest of oneself.For example, when I decided what I can choice as my major, thanks to the past experience in my life, I had coded for many years since my junior high school. So I choose computer science as my major and I enjoyed my university experience very much.\uc0\u160 While, if I listened to my parents and become a engeneer, I will not focus and make a good score at my classes.\u160 Therefore, considering their own past enpreience, young people should make decisions based on that.\
\
Admittedly, parents have more social experience than young people and that may be helpful sometime. Nonetheless, young people are still need to form their own value and make judgement by their own for the goodness of critical thinking. As a man will final be mature and for the sake of thinking independently, all the life decisions should be made by oneself. Young people should better understand what they have and what they should do as soon as possible by trial and error.\uc0\u160 Therefore, young people should make decisions by themselves so that they can thinking critically as earily as possible.\
\
In a nutshell,\uc0\u160 \cb4 \uc0\u160 today young people are better able to make decisions about their own lives for\cb3 \uc0\u160 valuable internet information, their well-developed education experience, and forming critical thinking..\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
46min\
}