{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 51.Movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave.\uc0\u160 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that they have positive effects on young people, because young people can be motivated to chase their dreams. However, from my perspective, movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave, for chasing brand, showing off, and comparing figure.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, movies encourage young people chasing brand. Due to the fact that movies always want some financial support from companies, movies have to show brand of company in the movie. So people are watching the brand and chasing it.\
For example, once a very famous movie named Transformer designed for young people showed a name of a milk company by posing it on a wall in the movie. Young people then are more familiared with this special design of milk. Then this movie become a hit in China and people are more aware the famous brand of this milk company since it comes from Hollywood. Once this movie watched, people will see this brand again.\
Therefore, movies encourages young people to recongize commerical brand.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, movies encourage young people to show off. Since movies always have some very famous stars or make animation stars, they are using stars to attract young people to follow what they do for commercial interests.\
For example, when a very famous movie star showed that she love a brand of cell phone in a commeicial movie designed for young people such as Spider man, young people will remember to follow the choice of this big hero and do same things like him. Young people are dreaming of using that cell phone and they will recongnize this brand easier when their frined have this phone. Young people take care of what other people consider and they will show off too.\
Therefore, movies encourage young people to show off.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, young people will learn how to chase their dream. \
Nonetheless, their dream can be designed for commercial purpose. \
For example, young people espically girls are chasing the slim body shape of movie stars. Movie stars only shows that they have super slim body shape and young girls consider this shape as good. So it is very popular that every girl are chasing products designed for them to loose weight.\
Therefore, movies encourage young people to chase and compare figure.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell,\uc0\u160  movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave, for chasing brand, showing off, and comparing figure.\
\
31min}