{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 15.In order to become financially responsible adults, children should learn to manage their own money at young age.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether children should learn to manage their own money at young age starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that they can learn this when they are looking for jobs, because they do not make money and money management knowledge is useless.  However, from my perspective, children should learn to manage their own money at young age, for their pocket money, forming a practical life attitude, and deep impression.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, children have their pocket money and they have money to manage. Due to the fact that parents are always and have no time to accompany children, they may not able to help children analyze situation and make decision. They give money to children and let kids choose what they want, so children need money management.\
For example, when I reach the age of entering junior high school, I can able to choose my breakfast and my parents need to go to work. They are in a hurry and I got several dollars to buy what I like. By accumulating money of breakfast and make choice every morning, I learned how to use money efficiently since then.\
On the contrary, if I had got no chance of making decision about money at my young age, I would not able to know how to deal with money at .\
Therefore, children should learn to manage their own money at young age.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, children can have a practical attitude towards life. Since money is necessary in our everyday life, we have to know what money means and the value of money. Learning money management at young will help children to know life and form a serious attitude of labor.\
For example, I support official edition of software because I know the hardwork of software engeneers and I respect that. Through my money management process I know that everyone work for money someway. So I need to pay for their work and by doing so people will pay for my hardwork in the future.\
While, if I had only took someone's work as a gift for free, I would never try to achieve anything seriously in my life.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, money management can be learned when they are adults.\
Nonetheless, things learned in young would leave deep imression in whole life.\
As knowledge of money management are a crucial point of seeing this world and making wealth, why we do not learn it at young age.\
On the contrary, when we are adults, we are facing more seduction than children. It is better for us to learn something important with deep impression earlier.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell,\uc0\u160 children should learn to manage their own money at young age, for their pocket money, forming a practical life attitude, and deep impression.\
}