{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that officials should base their decision on their own judgement because they know more than what people want and they are responsible for the country in the long run. Sometimes
\f1 ,
\f0  however
\f1 ,
\f0  it is necessary for officials to fulfill their promise to people.\
\
Officials
\f1 ,
\f0  especially oficials in democracy countries
\f1 ,
\f0  they are selected by the majority vote of their people. So they will try their best to win the most of people in the election compaign. The basic way for them to get the support of people is to promise what they will do in the future as long as they are elected as the offcials. So it is very important for an official to fulfill their promise after they win the most votes of people and they must pay for what they said. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  they will be a political liar and abandoned by people quickly. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  what the senior Bush said is that there will be no more tax in his government. But he betrayed his promise and people feel angry of what he did
\f1 ,
\f0  so he did not continue his second period as a present.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  the officials are not always busy with collecting votes. When they are already elected
\f1 ,
\f0  they will see the whole picture of what the situation is and they will think of what the future will be like under his decision. So they may need to choose not what people want most and choose a better one between the two bad apples. This decision should based on their own judgement rather than the will of people. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when the chinese ambassy was bombed by the US airforce
\f1 ,
\f0  chinese people would like to declare a tough war to the US and this will be a diseater to both countries. The chairman of China did not listen to the Chinese people and tried his best to give more time and space for communicating between two countries. Since there will be a large space of economic cooperation between two contries and this bomb attact is not the aim of the US officials but the US army. The communication leads to a peaceful environment between two countries and they live in the world with some conflicts but no war in the end.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  the officials will see the things in the long run since people are always caring about their life and meal. People can question the money goes where but they may do not understand the meaning of that since they are busy with their own life issues. So it is important for the official to do something for the country in the long run since he is able to do that and he is responsible not only for the people at that time but for the people in the future of this country. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  Lincon bought Alaska from Russia with very low pay. This so called useless land is not of any use at that time for the US people and Lincon was criticed by this decision. But it was until the Cold war that the US people see the great importance of Alaska since this place can defend the US with a lot of pressure from Russia.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  the officials should see what is really good based on their information people can not see and they will do the good things in the long run
\f1 ,
\f0  otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  they should fulfill their promise.\
\
30min}