{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 39.In the past it was easier to identify what type of career or job would lead to a secure, successful future.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether in the past it was easier to identify what type of career or job would lead to a secure, successful future starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that people identify career easier in the past, because they can know their limited choices clearly.  However, from my perspective, it is easier for people to identify future of jobs now, for their passion, pay, and choices.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, people can follow their passion to choose job today. Due to the fact that one can only do things good by really loving it and there are more job choices today for workers, they are able to know if they really have passion on their jobs. So they can understand if they have better future on one job instead of trying new one.\
For example, after 1978, in China there are many offical workers such as Dong Mingzhu finding no passion about jobs and doing bussiness from start. She followed her dream of getting rich and selling lots of air conditioners since then. She finally became a CEO of company. By following her heart, she became a successful businesswoman and she made her company best in China too.\
On the contrary, if she had only stayed in her position with no passion, she would never achieve anything.\
Therefore, people can follow their passion today since they do better than others.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, there are jobs paying a great deal of money on internet nowaday. Since internet has made many famous people, they have much better pay than almost any jobs before for their attentation economy.\uc0\u160 \u160  \
For example, by receiving more attentation on internet by teaching cooking, a famous cook named Wang Gang has millions of fans from internet. He gets lots of money from selling cooking materials and selling ads. He earned more than any cook in the history before since he got the opportunity of internet.\uc0\u160 \
While other cook may neve be that lucky and famous since they only did their job good not making everyone learn it.\
Therefore, today there are more successful pay than before.\
\
Admittedly, people can know their future through limited jobs in the past. \
Nonetheless, people can know more about their value through job market on internet and get how and what to pay in their next job today. \
For example, if someone is complaining about they are undervalued by their manager in a internet company, it is easy for them to look at pay and get interviewed by their next boss on finding job website. It is much easier to change job and start new career today.\
On the contrary, one has to suffer what he must face for long time.\
Therefore, it is easier for people to identify future of jobs now.\
\
In a nutshell, it is easier for people to identify future of jobs now, for their passion, pay, and choices.\
}