{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 53.It is more important for governments to spend money to improve Internet access than to improve public transportation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether goverments should spend more money on internet than public transportation starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that goverments should spend more money on public transporation, because transportation is improtant for everyday real life.  However, from my perspective, it is more improtant to spend more money on internet for goverment, for information rights, economy, and competence.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, it is very human rights for goverments to let citizens have access to internet information. Due to the fact that today there are more and more information for people to explore, it is necessary for life to everyone for searching information through internet.\
For example, in the US people can search information on internet for what they want as they have information rights. Thanks to the information high speed way project in 1990s, America has built a great internet through all the states and make people have access to endless information then. Since then the american citizens have information rights as the model of all counties and now it is widely accepted by all countries as basic human rights.\
On the contrary, transportation are not as important as before and goverments should aware that it is human rights now to have access to internet.\
Therefore, it is better for goverments to spend more money on internet.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, internet is what future economy needs. Since people are all connected by the internet and people can do almost all the information changes on the internet. There are a lot of commerical opportunities for everyone today.\
For example, Jack Ma caught the opportunity of internet commerce and he became successful. But the internet economy are based on the basic services of internet China built before and that is how Jack Ma made his bussiness.\
While, if Jack Ma had stayed in a poor country, he would never catch the opportunity since there are not any internet devices to link people.\uc0\u160 \
Therefore, for the future of internet economy, it is more important to build internet.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, public transportation needs a lot of money to build. \
Nonetheless, internet needs not only money but also organizations to work together and that is competence of goverments. \
For example, by building internet today, there are many devices to link from country to\uc0\u160  cities in China. Only chinese goverment can do it by paying money and organize goups. \
On the contrary, transporation has mature for a very long period and it can be done by commercial groups.\
Therefore, it is more important for goverments to spend more money on internet.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is more improtant to spend more money on internet for goverment, for information rights, economy, and competence.\
\
26min}