{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green44\blue44;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;
}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 44.Some people believe that when busy parents do not have a lot of time to spend with their children, the best use of that time is to have fun playing games or sports. Others believe that it is best to use that time doing things together that are related to schoolwork. Which of the two approaches do you prefer?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on parents should spend time with child in what ways is better starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that parents should play and have fun with children, because they can share happy time with each other.  However, from my perspective, it is best to use that time doing things together that are related to schoolwork , for providing help, shaping serious attitude, and sharing memorable experience.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, parents can provide necessary help to kids' homework. Due to the fact that today there are many different cousrses have homework for children to cooperate with their parents so they can finish together. So parents can provide their children with help that is necessary for finishing shcoolwork. \
For example, at the eariler age of children, there are things for children to form their ability to build basic tools such as children's chair and destop. When it comes to making things like children's chair, parents' guidance are indispensable and helpful since young child may get hurt easily.\
On the contrary, if parents spend time on playing with kid, they may still need to spare some time on companying children to shoolwork which would be not easy for parents.\
Therefore, parents should provide their help to children's homework.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, by doing schoolwork together, parents can show their serious attitude towards schoolwork and halp their children form same attitude too. Since parents are actually best teacher to their children, if they want their children to do best in shool, they are better to show their serious attitude towards schoolwork and children will graduately learn and act like their parents so chidrend can do better in shoool.\
For example, as children at their young will copy the act and attitude of their parents, I learned that my parents are serious about my homework and they will ask me what hard points I met in studying. They will share me their understanding of how to learn hard math problems and finally I solved the problem and from my own way of doing things. Living in such family atomsphere, I take my schoolwork seriouly and finally get a good socre in my math classes.\
While, if parents had not gave too much attentation, I would never focus on things that puzzled me and give up easily.\
Therefore, by doing good schoolwork together, parents help children shaping serious attitude towards studying.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, playing may give both side happy time together.\
Nonetheless, perhaps by learning things that is useful in the future will share memorable experience and also build good relationship.\
As playing time passed so quickly and nothing left but closer relationship, by searching and solving things parents teach long lasting knowledge to children.\
For example, my father told me how to figure stars on the sky. Since then, when I look up at the sky, I can always remember things he taught me at that night while many happy playing times have only passed.\
Therefore, parents spend time with children to learn knowledge will form more memorable experience than playing.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is best to use that time doing things together that are related to schoolwork, for providing help, shaping serious attitude, and sharing memorable experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 .\
\
41min}