{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNSText;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that to be an effective leader
\f1 ,
\f0  a public leader must maintain the highest ethical and moral standards because he is the representation of the country and others will conform. However
\f1 ,
\f0  some people may think the ethical standard is not connected with the ability of the leader.\
\
Some people think he has the right of maintaining his own ethical standard as long as he make sure the prosperous of the country. Since the leader is one of the general people
\f1 ,
\f0  he could have his own attitude towards life and his ethical and moral standard is only a part of his private life and people have not right to interfere with this. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a leader could have a bad habit of smoking as his leisure while working as long as he made all the decision without mistakes. Also
\f1 ,
\f0  a leader may like to play cards with his friends for fun in the free time as long as nothing is delayed for this.\'a0\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  this is not always the truth as someone would assume. A leader is still a human and he has his own weakness. Since a leader is always holding the top power and others can only listen to him without the chance of rejecting
\f1 ,
\f0  he may sink into the cards game without an ending. What is more
\f1 ,
\f0  the bad habit of smoking is a very bad character of a leader since all the officer will try to use this as a tool to be closer to the leader and interfere his decision in some way.\
\
So
\f1 ,
\f0  I think the leader should maintain the highest moral and ethical standard not only for himself but also for the people. Since every move of the leader will be a focus of news and media and people are always willing to talk about what happened to those leaders
\f1 ,
\f0  it is better for a leader to maintain a good image as a moral leader also. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  people will conform what leaders do as they conform those popular stars do on the screen. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  if people know the leader is happy to smoke in front of his friends
\f1 ,
\f0  a lot of people will surely smoke as the leader do and even choose the same brand of cigarette. It is harmful not only for the leader's image as a responsible man but also for the public efforts to control smoking.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  I think the leader should maintain the ethical standard for the country as he is the representation of the country. A leader is not only responsible for the country in domestic affairs
\f1 ,
\f0  but he is also the representation of his country when he was dealing with foreign countries. People will not have the chance of learning what other countries like and the leader of one country and his behavior is a most easy way for them to learn that. So it is very important for the leader to maintain the highest standard since he is the most important representation of his country to other countries. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  if a leader acts like a mad guy or does something rude in front of people of other countries
\f1 ,
\f0  they would think this country is a place of mad people to elect someone like this to represent the country.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  it is necessary for a leader to maintain his moral and ethical standard because of his representation of the country and people's conforming.\
\
31
\f2 min
\f1 \
}