{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 38.Leadership comes naturally: one cannot learn to be a leader.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether leadership comes naturally starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that leadership do comes naturally, because someone are borned with talent of leading others.  However, from my perspective, one cannot learn to be a leader, for skills, situations, and courage.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, leadership means ability to lead people and ability is based on different skills that can be learned by practice. Due to the fact that people are convinced by people with prominet ability, one must have enough skills to support his ability to make people believe in him. So one can learn skills and make himeself a leader.\
For example, Dong Mingzhu was only a saleswoman when she left her position in official office in 1978. She left all things in her back and she did her best to learn marketing and communicating skills. She did her best\uc0\u160  and graduately she learned management skill and became a leader of group. Now she has become a CEO of company with best leadership since she has been the leader for more than 10 years.\
On the contrary, if she had failed to learn those skill and she may be only stay at the bottom of company.\
Therefore, learning skills can help one become a leader.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, leadership can be mastered if one was put in a familiar situation. Since leadership are not only the ability of leading others, one has to know people and situations at there. So if someone was put into a familiar situation, he can know things naturally so that he can give advice or make decision easily to show his leadership.\
For example, when I go back to my hometown at spring festival, I always remember what my friends and classmates did together. Since my hometown remained not changed much,\uc0\u160  I am able to hold a gathering and play with my friends together. I am a leader of my friends then. The leadership comes naturally from my experience in such a familiar situation. \
While, if I had been new to somewhere, I would never lead people since there may be disater.\
Therefore, familiar situations makes one know how to lead.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, there are not many people are able to lead others. \
Nonetheless, one has to catch the opportunity of leading by courage. \
For example, Trumpt was a bussinessman and has never been a politic leader before. He made his decision and try to change the US in his way. He saw the opportunity and learned how to comepte with his competitors. Finally he made his way to whitehouse and we should know that he has done all things not naturally but his courage and help from others.\
Therefore, the starting of leadship comes from courage.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, one cannot learn to be a leader, for skills, situations, and courage.\
}