{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 54.Governments should spend more money in support of the arts than in support of athletics such as state-sponsored Olympic teams.\uc0\u160 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether goverments should spend money support arts or athletics starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that goverments should support arts more than athletics, because arts can be educational to all citizens while athletics are several.  However, from my perspective, it is better for goverments to support athletics than arts, for duty, need, and competence.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, it is goverments duty to support athletics. Due to the fact that goverments are responsible for model of countries, it is necessary for goverments to maintain and build a good model for both civil and international citizens.\uc0\u160 \
For example, in Olympic games, there are all countries and districts in the world. It is necessary for a goverment to show good results as much as possible since each game is a best chance for countries to show their power. By build a great country model, people can have better feelings about their country and support their policies too.\
On the contrary, if a country had always failed at great games like Olympic, goverment would hard to get support from their citizens and they are shame.\
Therefore, it is duty of a goverment to support athletics more than arts.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, athletics need financial support from goverments. Since athletics are representing a country, they need support from goverments. Bussiness only support part of it because a whole team of athletics will cost too much for them and this can only done by goverments. \
For example, in big countries like China, there are more than 100 teams in almost every competition in Olympics. So it costs really a lot of money for a country team to find enough financial support and the only one who can solve it is Chinese goverment.\
It is Chinese goverments that supported the China Olympics team for so long for such a good results in every field.\
Therefore, it is necessary for athletics to find support from goverments.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, there are some arts need to be support by goverments since it costs a lot money.\
Nonetheless, supporting athletics need not only money but also competence. \
As the selection of athletics need many organizations to work together and they will get what they can do to let things done smoothly.\
For example, in China there are different level of goverments from country to cities to work together to support whole athletics system so that they can choose best athletics from early age. \
Therefore, only goverments can do selection of athletics.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better for goverments to support athletics than arts, for duty, need, and competence.\
}