{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 49.The ability to maintain friendships with a small number of people over a long period of time is more important for happiness than the ability to make many new friends easily.\
3.It is more important to keep your old friends than it is to make new friends.\
\'cd\'ac49\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is more important to have ability to maintain old friend or make many new friends starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is more important to maintain old friends, because friends can be lost and old friends are more valuable. However, from my perspective, it is more important to make many new friends, for entering new situations, changing information, and introducing new opportunity.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, it is very important to make new friends in new situations. Due to the fact that we are entering new situations now and then, it is very important for us to make many new friends to make us familiar with new environment especially in university.\
For example, when I was addimited to one university and I was new to there, I made a lot of new friends immediately and that made me a hit in campus. It is very useful for me to take part in events holding in different colleges.\
On the contrary, if I had only kept communication with my old friends instead of making many new friends in university, I would never be successful in the next 4 years.\
Therefore, it is very important for one to make many new friends in new situations.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, making new friends can change useful information. Since old friends may simplely kept our memory together and we may not have similar experience now, it is more useful to change information between new friends in our life. Then, we can help each other to build friendship and also make success.\
For example, when Jack Ma stepped onto the land of the US in 1990s as a translator, there are not so many different areas but internet. He was busy with meeting new people and talk about what is useful to making bussiness in China. He made a lot of new friends and he knew internet commerce then. By the information provided by his new friend, he changed his career and put himself into estabilishing Alibaba. \
While, if he had have been busy with buying things for his old friends in America, he would never get to know the chance before him.\
Therefore, it is very useful for one to know chance between new friends.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, old friends can get you back when you are in need. \
Nonetheless, new friends can introduce you opportunities and that is what you need in the future. \
For example, Lei Jun, the founder of MI, made a lot of investing in new bussiness to make a ecology of his smart product family. So he is interested in making new friends and learning their ideas so he can cooperate withe new friends as new founders. \
On the contrary, if he had only stayed at what he did successfully now, he would never be a great founder.\
Therefore, it is very important to make new friends in investing new opportunities.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is more important to make many new friends, for entering new situations, changing information, and introducing new opportunity.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
40min\
}