{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 22.Teachers\uc0\u160 should\u160 not\u160 make\u160 their\u160 social\u160 or\u160 political\u160 views\u160 known\u160 to\u160 students\u160 in\u160 the\u160 classroom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether teachers should not make their social or political views known to students in the classroom starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it does not matter whether teachers let students know their political or social views, because students simple have their own views too.  However, from my perspective, teachers should not make their social or political views known to students, for not releated to education, potential effects, and providing children with free space.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, teachers political and social views has nothing to do with childrens education. Due to the fact that students learn and study in classroom, their education are mainly knowledge of science and art. Their learning materials has nothing to do with political and social views of teachers. So it is unnecessary for teachers to spread or just talk about their views of social and political events.\
For example, China had built an education system containing knowledge of science and art. All the class materials excluded political points since 1978 and it leads to a pure knowledge study. Studying with those contents, students has bacome the leading genius of development of China now. \
On the contrary, before 'Open and Reform', teachers are always make sure childrens know the political views of knowlwdge and that is misleading for pure science and art.\
Therefore, teachers should not make their social or political views known to students.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, it is important to avoid possible conflicts between teachers and students. Since there are no political education in classroom, both teachers and students can do their own things without talking about politics. Once talking about their opinions, there may be conflicting views and students would get possible harm from that.\
For example, in China before 1978, if students do not follow the political opinions of teachers, they may be seen as bad students. So that students can lose their rights of receiving education or ignorance from teachers. While even teachers have different views of political events and students know that, teachers may be thrown to jail. \
Therefore, it is better not to talk political views in classroom.\
\
Admittedly, students can debate with teachers on political views and they form their views. \
Nonetheless, there are lots of place and time for people to talk about their political and social views and why it must be classroom.\
As there are endless talking about politcs on TV and internet, why those things must be shared in classroom while children are receiving education.\
On the contrary, we can talk more in open and public area.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, teachers should not make their social or political views known to students, for not releated to education, potential effects, and providing children with free space.\
My reasons are as follows. }