{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 24.One of the best ways that parents can help their teenage children prepare for adult life is to encourage them to take a part-time job.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is good for parents to have students do part-time jobs starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better not to let children do part-time jobs, because students are best to focus on their study.  However, from my perspective, it is one of the best ways that parents can help their teenage children prepare for adult life to encourage them to take a part-time job, for financial independent, money and time management, and knowing what they love.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, doing a part-time job makes one have financial independent. Due to the fact that children always want something and they have to ask their parents for it, it is better to let them do what they can to support themselves independently.\uc0\u160 \
For example, I once love coding so much and my parents introduced me a coding job while I was my junior high school. Since I can code and build software in my free time, I made some money from this job and I do make lots of things through it. So I did my best to support myself to have financial independent and I buy a lot of things I want by myself.\
On the contrary, if I had only asked my parents for money, I would never get myself happy to fullfill myself.\
Therefore, it is better to do part-time jobs to make money by children themselves.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, children can learn how to manage money and time by themselves. Since we all need to work when we are adults, it is necessary for us to learn how to balance our life and work. By doing a part-time job, parents could make children know how to spend their time on working to make money and learning to improve themselve.\
For example, when I got the chance of making money by myself at junior high school. I graduately knew how to calculate my time to make money and do my homework. I also tried to make as much as possible while keeping my high score to go to senior high school. By balance my study and work, I know myself more and balanced my life to avoid extrem situations that I can not handle such as failing on the exam.\
While, if I had only put myself into study, I would never know my ability to set a goal.\
Therefore, it is good for parents to let children know life and work balance by providing them with a part-time job.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, it is good to let children focus on their study. \
Nonetheless, if we want children to be turely successful, they should know what they love. \
As there are many different things on society and if children want to know what they can do in the future, it is better to let them deal with real people and know society directly.\
For example, if I had not knew my boss when I code for him, I would never know the internet commerce from him. Because of his great perspective, I made myself a good future by choosing to work for Alibaba.\
Therefore, it is a good way for children to know what they love in life by doing part-time jobs.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is one of the best ways that parents can help their teenage children prepare for adult life to encourage them to take a part-time job, for financial independent, money and time management, and knowing what they love.\
\
27min}