{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that universities should not require every student to take a variety of courses outside the student's field of study because of the possible cost of money and time. In some cases
\f1 ,
\f0  there are some classes that are necessary for them to learn but not in college or by taking classes.\
\
Some people may think it is a good way to broaden the horizon of students and students should take the chance of learning as much as possible for better preparation in the future. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  they will give all students of science subjects the chance of learning math and computer technology in the first year of college. They think students will use those tools whenever in the future since there may be some students choose bioinformatics as their major in the second or third year.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  not every student will use all the subjects they learn in the beginning in the first year of major. A biology student may never take the step of being a bioinformatics and he may do what he like as a experiment biologist. Even a biologist would like to choose the bioinformatics as a advanced subject
\f1 ,
\f0  it is not necessary for each student to master the math and computer as early as possible in the college. He can learn what he really needs when he comes to a problem in anywhere and any time through internet. What is more
\f1 ,
\f0  the math and computer class may not be designed to fit the biologist student need. Some of those materials are wasting time of students.\
\
I believe students should not take too much classes outside of their field since this may cost unnecessary money. Some of the students are bearing students loan for entering the college. What most important to them is paying back the money as soon as possible. It is really hard to imagine that a student of marketing is required to take several literature classes to graduate. This would only give those poor students with more financial burden and wasting their time too.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  I would like to stress that some of the subjects of science need students to do experiments and collecting data from observing experiment objects. Usually this period is very long and if one failed to take the data in time
\f1 ,
\f0  the whole process will be tried again from the beginning. So it is hard for every student to take a lot of classes when they are doing the experiments. They may failed on that and the uncontinuing experiments would surely lead to a failed paper. So it is necessary to tell the different requirements for differents subjects especially for the experiment subjects.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  I believe that universities should not require all students to learn classes outside of their field for the cost of time and money. What is more
\f1 ,
\f0  students may failed on their papers for those classes. They can learn what they need anytime they want through internet.\
\
28min}