{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 AW-OG2-The following appeared in an article written by Dr. Karp, an anthropologist. \
\'a1\'b0Twenty years ago, Dr. Field, a noted anthropologist, visited the island of Tertia and concluded from his observations that children in Tertia were reared by an entire village rather than by their own biological parents. However, my recent interviews with children living in the group of islands that includes Tertia show that these children spend much more time talking about their biological parents than about other adults in the village. This research of mine proves that Dr. Field\'a1\'afs conclusion about \
Tertian village culture is invalid and thus that the observation-centered approach to studying cultures is invalid as well. The interview-centered method that my team of graduate students is currently using in Tertia will establish a much more accurate understanding of child-rearing traditions there and in other island cultures.\'a1\'b1 \
Write a response in which you discuss what specific evidence is needed to evaluate the argument and explain how the evidence would weaken or strengthen the argument.\
\
It might seem logical, at first glance, to agree with the argument in Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs article that children in Tertia actually are raised by their biological parents (and perhaps even, by implication, that an observation-centered approach to anthropological study is not as valid as an interview-centered one). However, in order to fully evaluate this argument, we need to have a significant amount of additional evidence. The argument could end up being much weaker than it seems, or it might actually be quite valid. In order to make that determination, we need to know more then analyze what we learn.\
The first piece of evidence that we would need in order to evaluate Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs claims is information about whether or not Tertia and the surrounding island group have changed significantly in the past 20 years. Dr. Field conducted his observational study 20 years ago, and it is possible that Tertia has changed significantly since then. For example, if we had evidence that in teh intervening years Westerners had settled on the island and they introduced a more typical Western-style family structure, it would certainly weaken Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs argument. In that case, the original study could have been accurate, and Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs study could be correct, as well, though his conclusion that Dr. Field\'a1\'afs method is ineffective would be seriously weakened.\
Another piece of evidence that might help us evaluate this claim involves the exact locations where Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs interviews took place. According to this article, Dr. Karp and his graduate students conducted interviews of \'a1\'b0children living in the group of islands that includes Tertia.\'a1\'b1 If we were to learn that they never interviewed a single Tertian child, it would significantly weaken the conclusion. It could turn out to be the case, for example, that children on Tertia are raised communally, whereas children on other islands nearby are raised by their biological parents.\
In order to fully evaluate this article, we would also need to learn more about the interview questions that Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs team used. What exactly did they ask? We don\'a1\'aft know, nor do we know what the children\'a1\'afs responses actually were. What did they say about their biological parents? The mere fact that they speak more frequently about their biological parents than they do about other adults does not meant hat they are raised by their biological parents. It would significantly undermine Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs argument if it turned out that the children said things like how much they missed their parents or how their parents had left them in a communal environment. Without knowing WHAT the children said, it is hard to accept Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs conclusion.\
It is slightly more difficult to discuss teh evidence we might need in order to evaluate the more interesting claims in Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs article, namely his extension of the results of his study to a conclusion that interview- centered methods are inherently more valid than observational-centered approaches. In order to fully evaluate this claim, in fact, we would need to look at many more examples of interview-based and observation-based anthropological studies and we would also need to look into different study designs. Perhaps Dr. Field did not conduct an effective observational study, but other observational approaches could be effective. In order to make such grandiose claims, Dr. Karp really needs a lot of additional evidence (ideally a metaanalysis of hundreds of anthropological studies).\
Clearly, then, we need to have additional evidence in order to get a more complete understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs article. We need to know about Tertia and the surrounding islands, whether or not they have changed over the past 20 years. We also need to know about study design (Dr. Karp\'a1\'afs and Dr. Field\'a1\'afs). And we really need a lot more information if we want to extend the results of a study about one island culture to all anthropological fieldwork.}