{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 47.It is important to know about events happening around the world, even if it is unlikely that they will affect your daily life.\
\
19.In\uc0\u160 order\u160 to\u160 be\u160 well-informed,\u160 a\u160 person\u160 must\u160 get\u160 information\u160 from\u160 many\u160 different\u160 news\u160 resources.\
\'cd\'ac47\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether one should know events in the world starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is uncessary for one to know events not connected to daily life, because it is has nothing to do with life now.  However, from my perspective, it is very important to know about events happening around the world, for finding, catching, and preparing for opportunities.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, we can find opportunities through learning events in the world. Due to the fact that what happens to a developed country may happens to us in the future, it is better for us to know it and catch the opportunity.\
For example, Jack Ma was a English teacher and tranlator when he stepped on the land of the US in 1990s. He learned what happened in Silicon Valley and for the first time he knew internet. He find that there are a great market for doing bussiness online and he saw what happened in the US will be the future of China. So he came back to China and\uc0\u160 started his company Alibaba.\
On the contrary, if he had failed to know events in Silicon Valley, he would never find opportunities there.\
Therefore, it is good to find opportunities from events in this world.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, we can catch opportunities from big events happened to our life. Since what happens to us may be a great opportunity for us to learn what may be useful to us, we can catch the opportunity time providing to us.\
For example, when she already had a secure position of an official worker in a inland small town, Dong Mingzhu left her job and became a saleswoman in 1978 for the great changes happened on the area at the border of sea in China. She caught the opportunity and made his own career a legend. Now she is the CEO of Geree.\
While, if she had failed to catch the opportunity of Open and Reform, she would never be successful now.\
Therefore, it is very important for one to learn events and catch opportunity.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, events happend far away may affect us in years later. \
Nonetheless,\uc0\u160 we can learn events and prepare for opportunities now. \
For example, when I was choosing my future major in university, I know there would be time of big data there since I had always been reading newpapers in free time. Time of big data may be built in the next 10 years, but I can learn how to prepare for it when I graduate from university.\
Therefore, it is better for us to learn what we can do in the future and prepare for it.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is very important to know about events happening around the world, for finding, catching, and preparing for opportunities.\
\
24min}