{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 41.Teachers were more appreciated and valued by society in the past than they are nowadays.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the debate on whether teachers were more appreciated and valued by society in the past than they are nowadays starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that teacher are more appreciated and valued by society today, because teacher has developed their knowledge and teaching skill with develpment of society. However, from my perspective, teachers are more are more appreciated and valued by society in the past, for a vast amount of knowledge they have, the knowledge method the master, and their education.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, teachers have a vast amount of knowledge and that is valuabel enough in the past. Due to the fact that in the ancient world knowledge is rare and of great power while teachers have most of it, people appericate who have precious and scare things. So people value teachers more than today.For example, today we have internet and great companies like wikipedia who can store and share all the detail knowledge for free. We are more easily to get enough information and knowledge of what we need from internet instead of going to school and ask our teachers. On the contrary, if you live in the past, you do not understand meaning of a word or just confused by two similar things, the best way for you is asking you teachers.Therefore, teachers are no more important today than before and society do not value them more than before.\
\
Secondly, teachers master the knowledge method in the past. Since we were not able to develop a scientific way to observer this world, we were not able to do experiments to make progress, teachers can guide us with their knowledge and method which leads to our worship of smart people. \
For example, if I do not understan how to cook a delicious meal, I may search on the internet and watch vedio to learn it. Then I will follow the detail gudience of vedio creator and I successfully made it after I try many times.\uc0\u160 \
While, if I had asked my teacher, I would not able to invite him to my family and let him teach me how to do cooking step by step.\
Therefore, teachers are not valued more than before.\
\
Admittedly, someone may think that teacher can provide education and that is valuable. \
Nonetheless, education can be learned by oneself today through endless instruction on the internet.As teaching are always made by oneself and could only be helped and not replaced by teachers, the key point of whether we can learn something depends on ourselves. We can learn whatever we want by ourselves and we are not limited to knowledge and time our teachers have.\
Therefore, teachers are valued more in the past than today.\
In a nutshell, teachers are more are more appreciated and valued by society in the past, for a vast amount of knowledge they have, the knowledge method the master, and their education.\
\
42min}