{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that people should not undertake risky action even after they have carefully considered its consequences because of the unknown risks and avoiding risky behavior unless they have no choice.\
\
People will undertake risky action for many reasons. Sometimes there are risks on each decision and we have to face the hash situation directly to make a choice. So when there is always a bad effect
\f1 ,
\f0  we have to undertake one of the risky action only after we considered the consequences
\f1 ,
\f0  otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  we will be surprised at the facts and feel lost at what we get. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when a student graduated from college
\f1 ,
\f0  she will face the problem of finding a job. Although she has multiple choices with excellent skill
\f1 ,
\f0  she may still find it is really hard to choose a job as her final decision. Since there are no jobs could fit every aspect of dreaming life
\f1 ,
\f0  she has to consider the consequence of each job carefully for the possible future life. After considering all those risks
\f1 ,
\f0  she will make a final but still risky choice based on all her consideration. She will not feel surprised by the results and she will clearly know what she needs and get a better feeling.\'a0\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  it is not necessary for us to take a risk at every time when we make as choice. We may never know what will happen in the future if we make desicions simply based on our experience. It will not always work at every time since time changes and we want something different than before. So if we undertake risky action after we considered the consequences
\f1 ,
\f0  we may still find we do not get what we want in the future. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when a woman takes a very challenging job in her first career
\f1 ,
\f0  she may find this job is highly paid and she lived a high standard life. It is a very attractive life for young people and she feels happy about her decision. But when she decides to marry and have a baby
\f1 ,
\f0  she will find that she needs more time than before and the long distance of communing time and high pay is not what she wants. The new risks of failing to take care of life comes out and there are always new challenges in front of us. So it is better to know that there are always unknown risks behind a choice and a simple decision is not enough.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  what we should do is always to avoid risks or minimize the risks we will face. Taking risks to do something is the last thing we should do and when we are doing something
\f1 ,
\f0  it is always good to try our best to not add more risks in. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when we are creating a great business
\f1 ,
\f0  it is a risky thing already and what we should do is avoiding more risks and make sure we have a definite success in the future like what Amazon did in the last 20 years for themknow they will make profits by long tail theory.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  we should face unknown risks and avoid risks as much as possible unless we have to choose from several risky action.\
\
\
35min}