{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author recommended in the letter that we investment Consolidated Industries to make profits in the future since the author cited the climate research and development of local homes. While this program might be beneficial to some extent
\f1 ,
\f0  however
\f1 ,
\f0  there are some question to answer before applying it.\
\
First
\f1 ,
\f0  the author cited that local homes usually use heating oil in the winter traditionally. However
\f1 ,
\f0  this is not always true since this way might have been replaced by other methods. Therefore
\f1 ,
\f0  I need to ask if the homes are still using heating oil as their only way for heating and the percent of people using that. If the homes have already used some cheaper and easiler ways for heating
\f1 ,
\f0  they would not use oil anymore and the consumption of heating oil will not increase. However
\f1 ,
\f0  if they are still take oil as the only way
\f1 ,
\f0  the oil consumption will not decrease.\'a0\
\
Additionally
\f1 ,
\f0  the author cited that people in the homes will experience a much colder weather in the next years. But this is not necessary true since the forecast is not 100 percent sure for predicting. Therefore
\f1 ,
\f0  I need to ask if the prediction is accurate and what is the model of the prediction based on. If the pridiction was based on a model not appliable to the local climate or the accuracy is very low
\f1 ,
\f0  we should not take the prediction seriously. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  we need to believe what the model said.\
\
Additionally
\f1 ,
\f0  the author said that there will be more development in the homes area. But I need to ask that if this means that there will be more people moving to this town since more homes can be built for local people too. So if the houses are not prepared for new commers
\f1 ,
\f0  the houses will not consume more oil since people will not increase in this town. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  there will be more people and consume more heating oil in the future.\
\
Even if there will be more people and they will consume heating oil in the harsh winter
\f1 ,
\f0  the author cited that the retail company will increase their income. But this is not necessary true since the company may have many bussiness outside of this town
\f1 ,
\f0  there will be a varied bussiness change in the company. The increase of saling heating oil will not make sure the profits of company increase. I need to ask if the company have the bussiness only in this homes area. If the company do have bussiness here
\f1 ,
\f0  this company will have more profits. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  we should not invest it.}