{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 52.The rules that societies today expect young people to follow and obey are too strict.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether the rules that societies today expect young people to follow and obey are too strict starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that rules are not too strict for young people, because they are important for young people to follow.  However, from my perspective, it is too strict for young people to obey those rules today, for career passion, opportunity, and booming economy.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, young people should follow their career passion instead of following old rules. Due to the fact that one can do best only when he loves what he do, young people should do what they dream to follow their career passion. So young people can be successful.\
For example, Dong Mingzhu was a humble offical worker in a small town in 1978. She followed her parents idea of staying at a secure position but then she left and became a saleswoman from strat. After many years of hardworking, she is already the CEO of Gree company. Following the career passion of doing something big and successful, she made herself a legend.\
On the contrary, if she had stayed at her position to obey rules of her parents for the next 40 years, she would never be as successful as today.\
Therefore, it is necessary for young people to follow their career passion instead of rules from society.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, young people should catch opportuniy rather than follow rules of tradition. Since people always expect young people to find a traditional job for living, many young people are searching for the old jobs such as teachers. However they should follow trending opportunity to make contributions to this world.\
For example, Jack Ma saw the future of internet commerce at 1990s when he was a English teacher for 8 years then. He resigned when he tried to catch the big opportunity instead of following the traditional rules of his family to become a knowledgeable man. Later he established Alibaba and it is very successful now.\
While, if he had feared to give up what he had then, he would never make great contributions to this world today.\
Therefore, young people should catch opportunity instead of those rules made by family.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, following strict rules of society would make one more popular . \
Nonetheless, it is more important to make financial independent by oneself in this booming economy. \
For example, young people who can have better creation now is more attractive than those who was humble to rules now. Since there are endless opportunity to explore and make money, it is cliche for one to look better instead of doing better in this peaceful time. If young people can earn their future and make contributions to society, he does not need to worry the rules he broke.\
Therefore, it is improtant for one to make contributions instead of following rules.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is too strict for young people to obey those rules today, for career passion, opportunity, and booming economy.\
\
29min}