{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that college students should be encouraged to pursue subjects that interest them because they will fulfill their dream at their young and they will likely to develop the future of their own unless they are in need of money.\
\
College students have very different backgrounds that they have very different goal of attending universities. Some of the students may come from general family and the student loan is what they really should consider first. So I would recommend such students to choose the curriculum that could help them get jobs as soon as possible and make them more competitive in the job market. They will get what really necessary for themselves and their family. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  one of my college classmates was living in a small country and he was the only college students from there. He applied for a student loan from hometown and he did what he can do best to choose the profitable major which is computer science. He made software as early as the second year of his college so he can pay back the loan and he made a lot of money since then. He is now a coding master and successful as he dreamed.\'a0\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  not every student are in need of money and I do think that everyone has his own dream. College is the last place of dreaming and realizing it. Students should catch this opportunity or they will never get the chance of learning what the interest in future life. Also
\f1 ,
\f0  they will leave an unfulfilling taste of young. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  many young students love writing but not everyone will really try to study it in university since it is really hard to support life and this may only be a dream. But the college is almost the only place of one to learn how to write and they can try to realize the dream. So it one miss it and choose to avoid the possible training
\f1 ,
\f0  he will never get the teaching of professors in class and he may never know if he is really a man of writing. This will be forever lost for his life.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  students may not only to consider what can lead to a job now and he should try to develop his interest in his job. Sometimes it is really a good chance to discover what really the future could be in an ordinary area and create a job in the future. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  not everyone will know how to develop an online market in China in the 1980s. Since Jack Ma learned how to sell his translation job online
\f1 ,
\f0  he made the idea of creating an online shopping website for every business not only his translation job. So he made it and create what we call a success Alibaba.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  college students should choose the courses to lead to a job if they need money
\f1 ,
\f0  otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  they should follow their interest in case of a lost chance of fulfilling dream and creat future.\
\
\
31min}