{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 27.If\uc0\u160 people\u160 have\u160 the\u160 opportunity\u160 to\u160 get\u160 a\u160 secure\u160 job,\u160 they\u160 should\u160 take\u160 it\u160 right\u160 away\u160 rather\u160 than\u160 wait\u160 for\u160 a\u160 job\u160 that\u160 would\u160 be\u160 more\u160 satisfying.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether once people have the opportunity to get a secure job, they should take it right away rather than wait for a job that would be more satisfying starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better to take this job now, because people can get what in their hand now.  However, from my perspective, it is better to have next interviews, for following career passion, having a broader view, and rising potential salary.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, one shoud take his job because he has passion on it. Due to the fact that we do our job not only for living but also for realizing our dreams. So it is better for us to choose one job opportunity that can help us doing what we love. By doing so we can be happy in both our life and work.\
For example, Albert Einstein once was an official wokers at small town for a only short period of time to make a living, but he still made his own research on physics and he later went to the US and became a professor there. He had a good opportunity of a very secure job, but he followed his passion on what he love and he made great contribution to the world. \
On the contrary, if he had have been satisfied with his secure job then, he would never be a great scientist.\
Therefore, it is better to choose what we love instead of what is secure.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, with enough time we can have a broader view of our career by interviews. Since different jobs have different requirements, we can learn what job need us and do what we can to prepare for it, which leads to more opporturnities for us. \
For example, by having more interviews, Chris Gardner gave up his identity of salesman and became preparation of a stock broker. He may stay at what he was familiar with selling medical device and he tried his best to seek the opportunity. Then he made it since he kept finding what he can\uc0\u160  do and learned how to get a better job.\
While, if he had stayed at what he did, he would never be successful.\
Therefore, it is better to fully use time to seek more opportunities.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, one can take his job to make money. \
Nonetheless, he can rise his expected pay in the next interview since he has get the opportunity from a company. \
As one can fully use the chance of doing things better, he can find what he do because he can make better living status.\uc0\u160 \
For example, I once did my best to get one offer and I can call more pay based on the salary the job offered me to next HR. So it was useful for me to get a higher pay with that deal.\
Therefore, it is better to rise salary by search next jobs.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better to have next interviews, for following career passion, having a broader view, and rising potential salary.\
\
35min}