{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 25.Young\uc0\u160 people\u160 nowadays\u160 do\u160 not\u160 give\u160 enough\u160 time\u160 to\u160 helping\u160 their\u160 communities.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether young people do not give enough time to help their commnuities starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that young people give their communities enough time, because they are continue making contributions to\uc0\u160  communities now. However, from my perspective, young people do not give enough time to helping their communities today, for extracurricular classes, online games, and part-time jobs.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, parents provide children with too many extracurrilar classes. Due to the fact that there are fierce competitions between students for better education, parents are paying more money and taking more time on education for extracurricular classes. Children have been spared most of their free time on this.\
For example, in China, there are extracurricular classes for children at age of 5. Most of students takes more classes to prepare for a better senior high school. It is really hard for a 15 years old students to give his time for helping communities since those events are not helpful for college entrance exam. So students are not able to give enough time on helping their communities.\
Therefore, it is really hard for young people to help communities today for extracurrilar classes.\cb1 \cb3 \
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, young people are addicted to various online games now. Since there are endless online games designed for different young people today, young people are easily addicted to online games now. So online games take a lot of time from young people.\
For example, according to newspaper, there are more than a half of young people are loyal players of at least one online game in China now. They play at least 30 minutes per day on average. This means that young people are sparing time on a field more than before. So it is really hard for young people to help their communities instead of playing one more game with his friends.\
Therefore, young people spend less time on helping communities since they have online games now.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, children can still have some free time to spend on communities to know more people. \
Nonetheless, they can take part-time jobs to make money for themselves now. Since taking part-time jobs can help young people know more about society, they are making their money too. It is much better form them to do part-time job than help communities. \
For example, when I was in junior high school, I can code so I had a part-time job for 10$ an hour. But if I do communities work, I get nothing but spend time with friends. So I would rather spend my time on doing part-time jobs so I can save money to do what I want. \
Therefore, young people spend less time on helping communities since they can do part-time jobs now.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, young people do not give enough time to helping their communities today, for extracurricular classes, online games, and part-time jobs.\
\
54min}