{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For the reason
\f1 ,
\f0  I disagree that a new leadership will not necessary leads a success because the assumption is not true for a new leader do not apply a new idea for sure and a new leader should focus on the problem not an idea. For the claim
\f1 ,
\f0  I disagree that those in power could develop a better way of scritunizing rather change leader as a tool.\
\
This reason is based on the assumption that a new leader will change the idea and they will do something new rather than follow the way of preivous way. This is of course not always true since people are binded for the interest together. The new leader are under the same interest of old leader usually
\f1 ,
\f0  so the new leader will always choose to follow what the old leader did as they leaders before them. They may do some small change but it is only for the unimportant detail. When it comes to the core interest
\f1 ,
\f0  they will maintain the tradition for the common interest between him and the old leader. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a new empior of course will eliminate some of the high level officials
\f1 ,
\f0  but the most important thing is still the control of the kingdom. So the empior will do the same thing as the old empior do in the same way.\'a0\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  not every new leader is facing the new situation. If the problem that made the old leader leave the position is not solved
\f1 ,
\f0  it is necessary for the new leader to focus on the problem remained rather than make something new. So it is likely that the new leader will deal with the problem in the same way but with more patience and people will give him more space and time. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when in a campagine
\f1 ,
\f0  the top official is catched by the enemy
\f1 ,
\f0  it is impossible for the new leader to give up immediately. The new leader will continue fighting as the old leader did in the same way. Of course
\f1 ,
\f0  the new leader will change some stragy for not making a new failure. The new leader will follow what the old leader told to keep their existence until they win finally.\
\
For the claim
\f1 ,
\f0  I think it is more important to develop a way to scritunize the use of power rather than keep changing people for changing people. It is true that people will abuse their power if there is not a way to give a clear boundary to power. We should consider how to make people are under the control of public for the interest of public. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  there would be no meaning for us to give the new leader a way of abusing power like before.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  it is important for us to learn how to control and scrutnize the power of leader and we should know that a new leader does not necessary mean a new idea
\f1 ,
\f0  what is more
\f1 ,
\f0  they will face the same problem.\
\
30min\
\
}