{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 23.In today\'a1\'afs world, it is more important to work quickly and risk making mistakes than to work slowly and make sure that everything is correct.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Firstly, it is important to maintain our reputation on bussiness. Due to the fact that risking making mistakes is very dangerous to the reputation to a company, it is better to put our customer's interest at first. So we can accumulate our reputation and run our bussiness in a long time and make more money.\
For example, I had always checked my work before I handled it to my customer since I coded for them. I always check marginal situations to avoid potential risks and surely that lead to less bugs there. So I always done better job than my coworkers and nothing stopped me since I made my work best. I won trust of my costumer and my boss.\
On the contrary, if I had always gave my costumer a software with bugs here and there, I would never get my success.\
Therefore, it is better to maintain reputation of oneself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, it is important to do not make moral mistakes otherwise people will not trust you. We can make mistakes but not moral mistakes. If we are going to make mistakes in intentionally, that would be a moral problem and we will finally pay for it with all our efforts to build it.\
For example, Enron company was the best in accounting at wall street and collapsed in a day. Because they want to help companies to make better bussiness performance, they did fake reports so that investers lost millions of dollars. Because of not following accounting rules, Enron collapsed too. \
Therefore, it is important to do not make mistakes intentionally and do things best.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, we can catch more opportunity and do more bussiness to earn more money. \
Nonetheless, there are always endless chances for us in the future. \
For example, there are instant messages in 15 years ago and then there are internet commerce in 10 years ago. Now there are big data and there will be 5G in the future. So it is better for us to learn how to have us things done better and then we go to develop another area today. \
Therefore, it is better for us to learn how to do things correct.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better to do things best and one by one, for reputation, moral, and money.\
\
\
36min}