{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I believe that if art is going to have merit it does not need to be understandable to most people. Because art must be understandable to most people when it is applied as a tool and art have merit as aesthetic experience and inspiration of great minds.\
\
When art is merely a tool for business or politic, it is necessary to be understandable to most people. Since people need to know what message should be conveyed or what to follow as an ideal, art is the best public tool for advertisement and propaganda. For example, when we see the typical commercial sentence comes from a short model film with "you worth it", you may find this film is understandable by every girl and they will follow what the model chooses. When you are facing a different culture like what happened in <1984>, you will see clearly what happened in a restricted world and people are all obeying the rules and submitting to strict censor.\
\
However, art does not exist for business and politic though it can be used as a tool for the purpose. Art can provide its own aesthetic value for people who can read and have the same experience as the composer. Only when you can have the same experience, you may find the true meaning behind the words or images so that you can evoke all the emotions under your feelings. For example, when a famous Chinese poem said "a home letter worth a ton gold in the wartime", it is only understandable to someone who really experienced the turmoil and warfare in a messy world and separated with his family. At the time when someone read the poem, he can soon understand the great feelings expressed behind the poem rather simply overlook the sentence as a common word written by a famous poet.\
\
Art has its own merit as a great inspiration for those who really love it and enjoyed it as a life necessity. When someone really enjoys the great art of human being, he will gradually change his taste to those of higher value and make great contributions to the world. For example, Albert Einstein always listens to the masterpiece of Mozart from an early age. He really enjoys the great works and always played his own piano to the music. As he gradually moved his focus to those higher and more abstract matters, he is not limited to his humble job as a general civil servant. He continued his thinking of physics, finally, he came up with the theory of relativity with the inspiration of piano music. If it is not for the masterpiece of music takes him away from the turmoil of the world and restriction of life, he would be lost in those meaningless things.\
\
In conclusion, art must be understandable to most people when it is used as a tool, but art can exist for its own aesthetic experience and inspiration to some people.\
\
60min\
\
}