{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 48.Because modern life is very complex, it is essential for young people to have the ability to plan and organize.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is important for young people to have the ability to plan and organize today starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is not important to have ability to plan, because time changes fastly and nothing can be sure.  However, from my perspective, it is better for young people to have the ability to plan and organize, for avoiding interruptions, using resources efficiently, and catching opportunities.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, it is very improtant to organize to avoid possible interruptions. Due to the fact that there are endless information to send you as notifications, it is very hard for us to focus on our projects now. Planning before doing will help us avoid possible interruptions. \
For example, when I was doing my coding project, I was interrupted by those endless and useless information bombing me at my cell phone. I had to close my cell phone and iPad to avoid possible interruptions before any formal homework or meetings. If I need some internet information, I will search them before I do my work and clip them on my pc while I shut down all my wifi.\
On the contrary, if I had failed to prepare necessary materials and forgot to close my cell phone, I would never get my job done successfully.\
Therefore, it is necessary to plan to avoid possible interruptions.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, pratical orgnaizing can help us using resources efficiently. Since our time and money are only resources we have, it is important to use those resources efficiently by orgnaizing them. It is better to use them to chase our future opportunities .\
For example, after visited to the US in 1990s, Jack Ma started to plan transforming his bussiness from teaching English to internet commerce. He started to close some useless services and start to employ people who know internet. He did not do all things over one night and he started to plan how to use his money and time on his future of bussiness in online commerce graduately. He estabilished Alibaba for internet commerce of companies. After his success on Alibaba, he built Taobao and Tianmao then.\
While, if he had failed to plan his time and money on bussiness, he would never achieve his bussiness transformation.\
Therefore, it is very important for young people to plan and organize before anything.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, sometime it is better to cathch great opportunities. \
Nonetheless, we can leave some free time at our plan instead of making timetable full. \
For example, we can make some time for furure opportunities before we make final desicion of our plan. If Jack Ma had failed to plan for his future possibilities and he just focused on building his education bussiness, he would never know internet bussiness before everyone.\
Therefore, we can reserve some time for our timetable .\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better for young people to have the ability to plan and organize, for avoiding interruptions, using resources efficiently, and catching opportunities.\
\
39min}