{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 32.Young people today have no influence on the important decisions that determine the future of society as a whole.\uc0\u160 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether young people today have no influence on the important decisions that determine the future of society as a whole starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that yong people have no influence, because they can not be responsible for them. However, from my perspective, young people should have influence on the important decisions, for future development, society competence, and society harmony.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, listening to young people will help future development. Due to the fact that the future belongs to young people, they will take part in society sooner or later. They will be a part of future development.\
For example, in 20 years ago in China, there are not many people who know the idea of internet and it was a new high technology in the US. It was common to use traditional communication for people at then. But chinese goverment and society know that there will be a great future for young people to use it. They decided to build the basic network of internet through China with a lot of money then. Now the economy of internet has become a hit in China and most of users and contributors are young people.\
On the contrary, if chinese goverment had failed to take young people into account, I would never think about throw myself into internet industry.\
Therefore, it is better to take young people into accout for future development.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, young people will make new industry for society. Since young people are always found of new things, they can creat new things in the way they like. So they can boom the economy.\
For example, in China there are so many young people like animation. They build a website for their community named Bilibili and they share pictures and videos on it. Finally young people of that coummunity made a company to run various events and make contributions to spread animation culture. Now it is a listed company in NASDAQ and made not only millions of dollars but also a new culture in China.\
While, if what young people interested had have not been respected, they would never made such a great success now.\
Therefore, it is better to let young people creat and they will make new things.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, they will make mistakes. \
Nonetheless, we are all making mistakes and we should make mistakes as soon as possible so we can learn from it. \
For example, young people in China learned how to make their own voice can be listened to online through Weibo. Now it is a very important plantform for young people to know what things happened and affect of their opinions. By a long time of debating on public policy, young people now are forming better and more rational opinions about events. It is better to let them speak for themselves so they can learn the effect and become a great power representing the future.\
Therefore, it is better to let young people know and make decision together to make society harmorny.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, young people should have influence on the important decisions, for future development, society competence, and society harmony.\
\
33min}