{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that in most academic and professions fields
\f1 ,
\f0  knowledge is more important than imagination because knowledge can implement the development of pure science and be applied in real industry. Some people may think it is not true to other areas like literature.\
\
Some of the advocates may reject me. They think the imagination can give people inspiration to creat classic literature while knowledge can not help people to dream what do not exist. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  in the classic Chinese literature
\f1 ,
\f0  the kungfu master could fly through the forests and they can use the power of chi in themselves. Also
\f1 ,
\f0  in the French literature <20 thousand miles under water>
\f1 ,
\f0  people take a lot of technology and some of them come true to life in a few hundred years later.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  those great inspiration are not created by imagination but from the development of knowledge. Even in literature
\f1 ,
\f0  writers will equip them with the front of knowledge and do what they can to search the material that people have never heard. The concept of chi comes from the development of battery so people could harness the power of themselves. What is more
\f1 ,
\f0  the writers of sci-fi are always trying to make a world that could of the common sense of people in that generation. They would create something imaginative since the technology are not enough to make them but they are of logic of knowledge. Otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  they would write fair tale.\
\
I think that in most of the pure science area
\f1 ,
\f0  what most important to development is knowledge of the front of the field
\f1 ,
\f0  not the imagination. Compared with imagination
\f1 ,
\f0  knowledge is based on data and experiments. Each subject has its own logic of development and the front knowledge is necessary for the future of this subject. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a biologist could only get the development from doing experiments with his objects such as rice. There is no way for one biologist to create something new in the genetics with the help of imagination but his hard work of observing rice materials and collecting data.\'a0\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  in the area of applied science
\f1 ,
\f0  they have to use the knowledge in the real products and there is no space for imagination. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a software engineer is the master of coding and structuring. He can apply all his knowledge on the problem of a computer company. There is no way for him to give the imagination a chance to stay in his code
\f1 ,
\f0  otherwise
\f1 ,
\f0  there would be a bug for him to fix. Even when he was promoted as a manager
\f1 ,
\f0  the basic knowledge of management are what he need to lead his team not imagination.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  I believe that knowledge is more important than imagination for its usages in the development of science and applied science. Also
\f1 ,
\f0  it is the help of knowledge that helps people to create great classics.\
\
29min\
\
}