{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1.At universities and colleges, sports and social activities are just as important as classes and libraries and should receive equal financial support.\
\
When the debate on whether sports and social activities are just as important as classes and libraries and should receive equal financial support at universities starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that sports should receive financial support equally, because provided students with community life.  However, from my perspective, sports and social activities are not as important as classes and libraries and should not receive equal financial support at universities, for focusing on research, applying money from goverment, and not equally supporting.\
\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
\
\
Firstly, universties should focusing on research. Due to the fact that universities are several places that can do scientific research and they have limited resources. It is better to spend money and on investigation not share it to other activities.\
\
For example, Peking university has its own project of building first class university in next 20 years. It is crucial to ensure money has been spent on research area to produce more scientific results. By making progress on science, it can reach the goal sucessfully.\
\
On the contrary, if it had spent equally resource on sports, it would never be a chance for a research university to become top in the world.\
\
Therefore, university should focus on research not sports.\
\
\
\
Secondly, sports activities of universities should apply money from goverment or bussiness. Since sports and social activities are always entertainments, so it is good and useful for public and we can apply money from goverment not from universities.\
\
For example, by building a sports stadium, each university has its own players and they can apply money from bussiness and goverment to hold competitions at university stadium. It is a good chance for universities to save money and have more fun in the future to students.\
\
While, spending money from univerisities would lead to a heavy burden.\
\
Therefore, univeirsities can apply money from other groups.\
\
\
\
Admittedly, sports are good to students that they can have fun and enjoy time with their friends.\
\
Nonetheless, universities may not support equally as reseach do. \
\
As sports activities last only a short period, universities can spend some money on events that can not affect normal activities. \
\
For example, we can have sports activities but not spending money on events everyday otherwise it would be too stupid.\
\
Therefore, universities can support but not equally.\
\
\
\
In a nutshell, sports and social activities are not as important as classes and libraries and should not receive equal financial support at universities, for focusing on research, applying money from goverment, and not equally supporting.\
\
26min\
}