{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 36.For the successful development of a country, it is more important for a government to spend money on the education of very young children (five to ten years old) than to spend money on universities.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether a country should spend money on university students or school childrens starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that we should invest in education of very young children, because those children are young and good basic education will have life-long good effect. However, from my perspective, a country should spend money on university students, for developing human resource, getting approval, and attracting investment.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, university stuents can be hired immediately after graduation. Due to the fact that university students will find jobs after their graduation, they can be human resource immediately after we invest. Spending money on those students will build useful labor and help company to find suitable employees. So the economic can be benefitted from those invested money.\
For example, China had made 211 project to help 100 universities become first class university in 21th century. By building a great number of high level universities, there are a lot of very good university students receive good education. They became the core power of development of China in the open and reform period.\uc0\u160 \
On the contrary, if China had invested more on the basical education, there would not be such a rapid development now.\
Therefore, it is better to invest in university students for a country.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, university students will be attracted to this country and stay in this country. Since they had receive high quality university education, they are more able to develop themselves and they will acquire suitable skill for work. They will find job and do research in this country for more time. That would be helpful for future development of scientific research in a country\uc0\u160 \
For example, the United States have best university and those universities had educated many smart students and most of students stayed in America. They will compete and develop themselves in the job market and doing well in the lab. Those endless good students are power of this country. \
While, if the US had not valued the universities that much, this country may only have students from itself and there will never be such a prospers country.\
Therefore, fot attracting more students stay in this country, it is better to value university more.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, focusing on basic education could make a life-long effect on citizens.\
Nonetheless, we can get more precies and direct reward by invest in university students to attracting more investment from capital. \
As captial seek great human resource, by building greater university education we can have better educated labor and they will attract more investment to this country.\
Compared with invest in long term project like basic education, capital will not interest in those things and there will be little effect for booming economy.\
Therefore, we should invest in the university education for attracting capital.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, a country should spend money on university students, for developing human resource, getting approval, and attracting investment.\
\
34min}