{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 30.It\uc0\u160 is\u160 more\u160 enjoyable\u160 to\u160 have\u160 a\u160 job\u160 where\u160 you\u160 work\u160 only\u160 three\u160 days\u160 a\u160 week\u160 for\u160 long\u160 hours\u160 than\u160 to\u160 have\u160 a\u160 job\u160 where\u160 you\u160 work\u160 five\u160 days\u160 a\u160 week\u160 for\u160 shorter\u160 hours.\u160 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is more enjoyable to have a job where you work only three days a week for long hours than to have a job where you work five days a week for shorter hours starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is good to work intensively for a short period everyweek, because you can enjoy life then. However, from my perspective, it is better to\uc0\u160 to have a job where you work five days a week for shorter hours, for career passion, healthy life, and meaningful life.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, one should enjoy his job or change his job. Due to the fact that one should\uc0\u160  follow his passion to make his career enjoyable, if he can not enjoy what he do and always think to make things done, he is better to change his job.\
For example, Steve Jobs followed his passion while he was trying on the project of making cell phones. When he was thinking about iPhone, he always enjoy not to put design into industry element. He thought his career product was a part of everyday life and what happens in life should be put into it. Then he followed his love of design and made iPhone finally.\
On the contrary, if he had been just a engeneer, he would thinking about how to finish things as soon as possible.\
Therefore, by the affact of his passion, he made his career surprising.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, one should balance his life and career for health. Since both life and work are important part of our life, we can not just let us foucusing on one things too intensively now and then. By doing things extremely, we may fail to maintain a good health on both mind and body.\
For example, workers in Foxcon had made their simple work all day long and they are easily to get angry. Keeping one gesture and repeat the same thing for very long time, one is hard to maintain his life attitude. So if we can choose, it is better to balance our life and work and enjoy a balanced one instead of living between intensive things.\
Therefore, for our health we should balance our life and work.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, we can enjoy our life better when we have longer free time. \
Nonetheless, our life should be meaningful and work proves the ability of our contribution to world. \
As we do our job for money but what more important is our life.\uc0\u160 \
For example, Dong Mingzhu, the CEO of Gereen company,\uc0\u160  was once a offical worker at her position in small town. But she left there and became most famous and successful bussiness woman since 1978. She did her job and made contributions to society. Also, she did what she can do to make her life meaningful. Job makes our life meaningful and we should value it and do things as our holy duty instead of getting things done and enjoy free time.\
Therefore, we should value our life at meaning of working.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better to\uc0\u160 to have a job where you work five days a week for shorter hours, for career passion, life balance, and meaningful life.\
\
\
33min}