{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 20.Successful\uc0\u160 people\u160 try\u160 new\u160 things\u160 and\u160 take\u160 risks\u160 rather\u160 than\u160 only\u160 doing\u160 what\u160 they\u160 know\u160 how\u160 to\u160 do\u160 well.\u160 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that do what they know make one successful, because one can do better compared with others since he can focus. However, from my perspective, successful people always try new things and take risks, for creation, passion, and opportunity.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, successful people try new things to creat. Due to the fact that various goods are created by talented people, people can make creation and change this world so that they can be successful.\uc0\u160 \
For example, Steve Jobs learned design on handwriting in university. Later when he tried to creat new cell phones, he put his design experience into industry and he created the original model of iPhone. This is great since he firstly combine products with art and he changed this world by his creation and he became successful too.\
On the contrary, if he had not combined art with design, he would only creat another plain cell phone.\
Therefore, successful people creat new things and change this world.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, successful people always follow their passions. Since people can only do best when they love what they do, by doing best at what they do they are recognized by this world so that they can be successful. So it is important for one to follow his career passion and he will be more successful.\
For example, Dong Mingzhu, once a humble official workers, left her position and start from beginning as a saleswoman in 1978. She followed her dream of being successful and became the best at her new job. Graduately she was promoted by company and she is the CEO now.\uc0\u160 \
While, instead of staying at the position all day long, she realized her dream by taking risks to follow her dream.\
Therefore, it is very important for one to follow his passion on taking risks.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, there are someone who can do best at one area and they are successful now. \
Nonetheless, the one who can catch the opportunity will be more successful in the future. \
For example, Jack Ma was a English teacher when he was 30. He saw the future of internet economy in the US and he resigned then. He caught the opportunity and started his own bussiness website later known as Alibaba.\
On the contrary, if he had failed to take risks and let the opportunity go, he would never be as successful as now he can be.\
Therefore, it is very important for one to catch opportunity to be successful rather than staying at old job one has done well.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, successful people always try new things and take risks, for creation, passion, and opportunity.\
}