{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green44\blue44;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;
}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 12.It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects, because academic people can get inspiration from other area. However, from my perspective, it is better to specialize in one specific subject espically for academic professors, for limited time and efforts, deep and precise undertanding and teamwork.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, it is better to specialize in one specific subject espically for academic professors, for limited time and efforts. Due to the fact that academic professors are busy with difficulities to overcome in reseach, if they can focus, they would solve problems more quickly.\
For example, today there are many different academic area and there are many problems to explore in biology. Problems in botany have little impact on what it shows in animal area. To solve the problem of water cycling in plants, it is better to focus on the absorbing system in root rather to seek what animals do in drinking. Focus would solve problem and save our effots on it. At least we are solving problems little by little, not by comparing and conforming.\
Therefore, it is better to specialize in one specific subject espically for academic professors, for limited time and efforts.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, it is necessary to do reseach deeply in one area and we have to specialize. Since the front questions of scientific research need comprehensive understanding of an area to ask, scientific researchers have to specialize deeply. So they can know where to go in the next step.\
For example, it is the deep thinking of how things going down that make Newton get the insight of gravitation. We are excited about the story of a falling apple but forget that the long time thinking deeply make this powerful law avaliable to be know by the great mind.\
While, if Newton had been busy with different problems, he would have the chance to know the connection between gravitation and falling apples.\
Therefore, it is necessary to do reseach deeply in one area and we have to specialize.\uc0\u160 \
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, someone suppose that broad knowledge could make people get inspiration from different areas.\
Nonetheless, we can have many specialists to form a group to solve problems or inspire each other.\uc0\u160 \
For example, in the moon landing project of NASA, there are researchers and engeneers from many different areas to make this dream true. They are genius from biology, rocket science, astronomy and so on. They are all specialists in their area, but they work together in one group and they made it.\
\\\
In a nutshell, it is better to specialize in one specific subject espically for academic professors, for limited time and efforts, deep and precise undertanding and teamwork.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 .}