{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 18.Students\uc0\u160 are\u160 more\u160 influenced\u160 by\u160 their\u160 teachers\u160 than\u160 by\u160 their\u160 friends.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether students are more influenced by their teachers than by their friends starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that students are more influenced by their teachers, because they will follow what teachers said in school.  However, from my perspective, students are more influenced by their friends, for online games, social network, and extracurricular classes.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, students play online games with friends. Due to the fact that students are facing pressure from education, they can relax from playing online games with their friends. So it is easy for students to form a goup to play together. By playing together, they are sharing same feelings to and interact with each other. They are influenced more than they interact with their teachers.\
For example, I was playing WOW with my friends in school when we are free. We work together to form a group so we can beat boss and level up. We shared a lot of fun and we really enjoyed playing with each other since we know each other well and we interact with each other as long as we have free time to play online games.\
On the contrary, we only stay in school with our teachers for only 8 hours a day and we are only interact on class.\
Therefore, online games make students influenced by their friends.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, students chat with friends on social network. Since almost all students have their facebook accounts, they interact with each other when they show their life and chat with each other. Students are conforming what is trending on the social network and they are influenced by their friends\
For example, in China there was wechat account for almost every student. I talked with my friends on that and I knew what my friends do from it. Last time there was a great trending for everyone to show their picture of their 18 years old when it was new year of 2018. I uploaded my picture when I was at my first year in college. During one night, all my friends are showing their pictures at colleges.\
While, students would never conform what teachers do, but they are easily influenced by what their friends do.\
Therefore, social network makes students to be influenced with friends more than teachers.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, students are not always easily influenced by friends since they spend too much time on education and teachers will influence them when students receive education. \
Nonetheless, students will watch their education competitors and follow what they do. \
For example, when one child take extracurricular classes, other students will be anxious about their future and will ask their parents to take similar extracurricular classes for them too. \
Therefore, comparison between friends also will make students to be more influenced by friends rather than theachers.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, students are more influenced by their friends, for online games, social network, and extracurricular classes.\
\
29min}