{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 28.Parents\uc0\u160 today\u160 are\u160 more\u160 involved\u160 in\u160 their\u160 children\'a1\'afs\u160 education\u160 than\u160 were\u160 parents\u160 in\u160 the\u160 past.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether arents today are more involved in their children\'a1\'afs education than were parents in the past starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that parents involved in children's education no more than before, because education is mainly received by children from shool all the time.  However, from my perspective, parents indeed involved in their children's education more than before, for their own education experience increased, more competitive job market, and extracurricular activities.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, today parents have received more education than before and they can help children's education more. Due to the fact that parents were children before and they received education after WWII. With increasing knowledge of their education, they get more understanding of knowledge of basic education.\
For example, China made science and education revive project since 1978, there are lots of children received basic education more than 9 years. With such long period of education experience, they acquired more knowledge of science than their parents and ancestors. They are now parents of modern children, so they have the ability to take part in education of their children and for the best of their children they did so.\
On the contrary, in China at the time before 1978, parents can not help their education since they do not master knowledge before.\
Therefore, parents are involved in children's education before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, parents are concerned with children's education for their future development in job market. Since today all countries are busy with developing economy of knowledge, they require labour with high level education. Parents are concerned with children's future development in society and they do their best to help children make success.\uc0\u160 \
For example, China has lots of young people but only those from top university in 211 project will get more job opportunity in market. Parents are concerned their children's education in high shool more than before since this will determine their life. Parents pay lots of money for children to let them take classes outside of shool since junior school.\
While, if parents had failed to take classes. they would feel guilty for not make best of their efforts.\
Therefore, parents are involed more in basic education by paying for classes which is outside of school.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, someone think education is received by children and all the results are determined by children's hardwork in school. \
Nonetheless, there are more standards in college entrance exam and children have to show their extracurricular activities experience. \
As children are not able to have extracurricular activities by themselves, those rich parents use money to make experience for their children and all parents are involved in this competition.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, parents indeed involved in their children's education more than before, for their own education experience increased, more competitive job market, and extracurricular activities.\
\
29min}