{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that we should make efforts to save some of the plants and animals not all of them with endless price because they are going to extinct in natural and we have to ability to save all of them. In some cases
\f1 ,
\f0  however
\f1 ,
\f0  we can save some of the animals and plants for the benefits of people.\
\
Some people argue that society should try to save every plant and animal species. Since they are all living species as human is
\f1 ,
\f0  we are living this earth equally and people should respect the habitat of them and avoid killing them. Although this reason seems moving
\f1 ,
\f0  we have been always focusing on our own interests since the beginning of our evolution. We are also under the pressure of living environment and we have developed the resources with the limitation of our balance with the environment. So we will continue to focus on the benefits of human and interact with animal based on our interest as well. In order to live together
\f1 ,
\f0  we will gradually change the way we live with animals and plants until we cannot live that way. But before that end
\f1 ,
\f0  we will consider carefully to avoid the situation we cannot handle in the development and we should not simply spread fear to us with the price of endless efforts on protecting animals and plants.\'a0\
\
We will protect some of the animals that is useful to us since they may represent some part of human culture. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  the panda is a kind of endangered living species and it always had been part of the courtry image of China. Since panda is only living in China and if Chinese people would like to represent them with this cute image
\f1 ,
\f0  it is better to protect panda from disappearing no matter how much it costs.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  some of the people argue we should not make extraordinary efforts
\f1 ,
\f0  especially at a great cost in money and jobs to save endangered species. This make some sense to me for some of the species are going to extinct naturally not by the human act. Since this earth have evolved several billion years
\f1 ,
\f0  there were numerous species exists on the earth and we are only on a stage of this period. But we do not see most of them since they all going to extinct by the changing of the environment naturally. Of course
\f1 ,
\f0  there are a lot of species disappeared since the human has mastered tools. But human still is under the great power of nature and we can not take control of it.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  there are a lot of species that we are unable to save them since species are a very complicate idea with detail difference. It is really hard to determine if some of the animals and plants are a new species. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a fish living in the island are seperated with another goups for a long time
\f1 ,
\f0  but they are still hard to tell the difference between for their isolation.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  we should not make endless efforts to save species for they are dying naturally and we are unable to save all of the species. We can save some of the animals because they are a part of human culture.\
\
32min\
}