{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 7.It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that they can learn facts now and they will master ideas when they grow up, because they need to pass exam. However, from my perspective, it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts, for learning real knowledge, using it, and seeing through facts.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, students can learn real knowledge through master ideas and concepts. Due to the fact that education are not simple make students to remember words of ancestors, they need to know real knowledge and teachers will provide help with childre for what they do not know. By doing so, students can know more than what books said and they get gist of knowledge.\
For example, once chinese have only focused on reciting traditional book written by ancestors, they only learned the true meaning after they experienced many things. But this is not not true to science knowledge since there are endless combination of principles. So it is important that students can learn what happend and how things works through ideas and concepts. Ideas and concepts are more important than facts of science.\
Therefore, students must learn real knowledge by studying ideas and concepts.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, students have to know concepts before they use it. Since knowledge are concluded by practice, it is necessary for students to learn the core concepts and rules so that they can use it in practice successfully to recreate facts.\
For example, today China are attracting more knowledgeable people to build economy. It is necessary to have people who know what has been done successfully in developed countries. We can not learn it by copying all conditions and we must have someone to provide us with ideas and concepts to develop in China.\
Therefore, it is important to have students learn ideas and concepts not only facts.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, people should learn facts by value if they made good effects.\
Nonetheless, it is ideas and concepts that help us see through things.\
By learning new concepts, we are able to see through world in a new way, we can value things more accurately.\
For example, if we are lost in figures and datas showed to us, we may never catch real problems behind it. In WWII, there are stastics about survival rate of planes in England made people confused how to make decision to repair planes. It is the concept of survival bias that give us insight that we should harden placed not shooted on planes since other place are not vital.\
Therefore, concepts provides us with insight.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts, for learning real knowledge, using it, and seeing through facts.\
\
28min}