{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red135\green135\blue135;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For the reason
\f1 ,
\f0  I agree that by defending an idea one can know the idea wholly
\f1 ,
\f0  but the value of an idea can be discovered by the connection of need. For the claim
\f1 ,
\f0  I disagree that idea should be tested by real practice.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 By defending the idea we hold
\f1 ,
\f0  we can learn how to view the idea in many different ways and we see not only the advantages but also drawbacks. It is very important to know how things can be viewed in a different way can give us more inspiration to know how to deal with the possible outcomes. We can know more to avoid possible risks and do more to prepare for a certain future. Also
\f1 ,
\f0  we can learn how to know how to deal with our need in the long run. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  if a car company would like to increase the share of the market
\f1 ,
\f0  they need to their new strategy of selling large car is not only the profits but also the possible risks of the market changing such as people's preference swift to smaller car size. They also need to know how to avoid possible of selling risks in the long run if there are more strict rules of regulating cars with less carbon production. So the defending process of the strategy will help the businessman know more about their future with a clear understanding.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Further
\f1 ,
\f0  we can learn more about the value of an idea not by defending its disadvantages but by exploring the possible connection of others. Since ideas can be put into many different areas
\f1 ,
\f0  one can find the usage by discovering new function or application rather to defending those limited use. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  Walter did not take the usage of steam machine for granted since it can only be restricted in the area of mining. Walter used his knowledge of discovering the possible new area of steam. He made a lot of efforts not to defending the usage would facilitate the future of the industry but improving the efficiency of the machine. So it is possible that doing the right things to apply one idea rather than defending it will make the idea brighter.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 For the claim
\f1 ,
\f0  I think the idea should be tested by the real practice not defending. Since the real value can be accepted by all the people who see it
\f1 ,
\f0  we do not need to try to convince anyone who disbelieves it. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  Calero threw the two mental ball form tower and people saw the balls reach the surface at the same time. This research helps people change their idea of 'the larger the quick'. The most powerful tool of proving is an experiment.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  we can prove our idea by experiments rather than words. We should focus on how to expand the value of the idea and see it wholly.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
30min}