{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 16.The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide.\uc0\u160 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether the best way to travel is in a group lead by a tour guide starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that it is better for one to travel alone, because one can enjoy his free time on traveling.  However, from my perspective, it is better for one to travel in a group led by a tour guide, for avoiding danger, avoiding cheating, and detail introduction.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, people can travel in a group led by a tour guide to avoid possible danger. Due to the fact that people are not familiar with where they travel, they may face some possible danger in the scenery. A tour guide will help you avoid risks in traveling.\
For example, when I traveled to Xinjiang province, I took a part of group to travel across a small desert. I was not able to\uc0\u160  figure out what will happen in traveling thousand miles away from my hometown. So I attended a group led by a tour guide who is local people here. So I can enjoy great scenery in the dessert by the tour guide.\
On the contrary, if I had traveled alone in this dessert, I would lose my way.\
Therefore, it is good to have a tour guide to help you avoid danger.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, people can avoid cheating by local tour guide. Since we are not sure what people we will face there, it is better to travel in a group which could hire a local tour guide. So we can make sure they have long time cooperation and people can avoid possible cheating.\
For example, I always watched news on tv and there are sometimes showing that cheating on person or family traveling alone in some areas of China. Once a family was cheated since they came from inland China and they do not know the actual value of fresh seafood. So they are charged for 2000 dollars after they had their breakfast.\
While, if this family had took part in a group led by atour guide, they would receive necessary notification of local fraud.\
Therefore, it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, one can always spend time as much as one wants on one loves . \
Nonetheless, one may still do not understand the meaning of scenery without the detail introduction of a tour guide. \
For example, when I travel to famous temples, there are some precious characters written on the walls or doors. I may read those characters but I do not understand the background and culture of it. So I always try to hire a tour guide so that I can know not only words meaning but also the specific culture symbol of it.\
On the contrary, if I had only traveled in person and spend time on scenery I love, I would lost the chance of knowing something deeply.\
Therefore, it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better for one to travel in a group led by a tour guide, for avoiding danger, avoiding cheating, and detail introduction.\
\
53min}