{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 .PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red243\green246\blue251;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c97255\c98824;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I believe that colleges should require all the faculty to spend time working outside the academic world in professions relevant to the courses they teach because of possible profits and new knowledge.\
\
Faculty are loaded with teaching requirements or lab works as a member of the college. They usually are filled with endless progress in research with trying and tuning. When it comes to high-level research
\f1 ,
\f0  time and efforts are usually needed for focus on the problem without any interruption. If one of the faculty is required to work outside of the school now
\f1 ,
\f0  the experiment may fail even the project may be canceled. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when a biologist is planting his research materials such as rice. He will continue his research on doing the basic observation many times during the whole life of rice. Although he may not looks busy and be required to take rice related works outside of the college
\f1 ,
\f0  he may lose all the data he can get during the lifetime of rice for the whole season. He had to copy what he did in the next year with repeating the same process. Sometimes the valuable genetics mutants are lost during the overlook of the rice.\
\
However
\f1 ,
\f0  not all subjects are filled with observation and experiments. What those applied science subjects need is the projects of a real application. By co-operating with the company outside of the college
\f1 ,
\f0  the applied science professors may get the inspiration with the knowledge of books. So there are chances those professors will solve the real problem and get a reward from their participant. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  a software professor may attend the industrial conference or join a company as a consultant. He will find what the companies really need and try to solve it with their experience and knowledge. So the professor will apply his own resources with the company to create new software and get a reward for his intelligent works.\
\
Further
\f1 ,
\f0  when it comes to the professor with a new environment
\f1 ,
\f0  he may test his experience in the new environment and he may get some new findings. For example
\f1 ,
\f0  when Darwin toke the tour with a ship through the Pacific after he left the Cambridge as a biologist. He got the chance of learning new species and observing the similiarities between them. He came up with the idea of theory of evolution by the inspiration of birds of a chain of islands. This trip provided him a great experience to test and prove his idea of evolution He gave us the new finding of the origin of life.\
\
In conclusion
\f1 ,
\f0  it is necessary for professors to have chance to work outside of colleges for the profits and possible knowledge unless they can not be interrupted with their experiments.\
\
30min}