{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 9.Technology has made children less creative than they were in the past.\
\
11.Some people say that the Internet provides people with a lot of valuable information. Others think access to much information creates problems. Which view do you agree with?\
\'cd\'ac9\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the debate on whether technology has made children less creative than they were in the past starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that technology has help children to ceartive more things, because technology provides children with more tools and innovative ways to create. However, from my perspective, technology has made children less creative than they were in the past, for they are addicated to online games, distracted by cell phones and lost in useless social network chatting.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, children are easily addicated to online games today. Due to the fact that there are endless online games designed for children, today they are facing more seduction from internet. Children have more free time than adults and they always have access to pc and cell phones, so they are easily addicated to online games now.\
For example, by studing what happens in online games such as WOW, we can see there are endless exploring and killing for players to try. Children have projects to do in this game and there will never be an end. Even WOW closed, there would be other games for players to play. Children can feel happy through clicking mouse while they are set into background of games. They are addicated to reading pictures and stories in visual world but not creating something of it.\
\uc0\u160 On the contrary, before we have online games, children can learn from each other through playing which is much easier for them to learn and study.\
Therefore,\uc0\u160  online games made children less creative today.\
\
Secondly, children are distracting by cell phones everyday. Since children have cell phones today and there are endless uncessary notification today for students to receive. Most of them are ads by calling or messaging. Adults are distracting by those things easily and chilidren are more easily than parents.\
For example, while I was doing my art projects, my cell phone received a text from online shopping website trying to sell me new shoes and it is on sale. Minutes later, there are another call from shopping mall to tell me that they have new playing devices there. I finally had to close my cell phone to focus, otherwise I would never finished my homework.\
While, before I had the cell phone, I would only be distracted by my friends or parents. Those technology has made things different and I am not able to create my ideas from that.\
Therefore, children are distracting by cell phones everyday.\
\
Admittedly, there are some technology tools can help children to create things through communication with others.\
Nonetheless, creating are mainly done by oneself.\
As children have social networks, they are easily lost in useless chatting and not able to focus what they can do but what they know.\
For example, facebook may provide children of new things happened on their friends, but this only created more conformation not creation. Children did not focus what they can do to make them better but to make them look better.\
Therefore, children are less creative than before.\
\
In a nutshell, technology has made children less creative than they were in the past, for they are addicated to online games, distracted by cell phones and lost in useless social network chatting.\
\
29min}