{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 5.People today spend too much time on personal enjoyment-doing things they like to do-rather than doing things they should do.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether people today spend too much time on personal enjoyment-doing things they like to do-rather than doing things they should do starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that people are doing what they should do today, because all things go well. However, from my perspective, people spend\uc0\u160 too much time on what they like to do today, for online games, social network, and online shopping.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, people spent too much time on online games. Due to the fact that people spend their time on games to release pressure, today people have too much pressure on many fierce competitions so they usually spend more time on games than before. They could have spent time on promoting themsevles, but they spent on playing.\
For example, after all day work I feel really depressed on endless social competitions. By spending time on playing, I forget what happened in real world for some time. But I have not spend time on what I should focus such as promoting myself. I always feel guilty since I am not able to support my furure development. Online games provide me pleasure with friends and I was trapped in it.\
On the contrary, people enjoy more what they should do instead of playing online games.\
Therefore, online games makes me spend more time on enjoyment.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, people spend too much time on social network. Since young people are chatting with each other, they enjoy feelings of connected with each other online. They spend too much time on endless detail of human life.\
For example, we have facebook accounts and we talk to each other online with it. By knowing what others do and what others care, young people are forming trending and doing things what everyone do. Last time there was a picture show that everyone showed their picture when they are 18 years old. This is meaningless but young people are conforming and this lasts very long time.\
While, they spend too much time on what others do and they forget what they really should do by chatting and showing.\
Therefore, meaningless social network makes people spend less time on what they should do.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, people are doing their works and everything go well. \
Nonetheless, they are changing their life towards destruction. \
For example, people today spend too much time and money on online shopping. They are chasing trending in the past but today they are chasing endless trending at every point of life. They spend money and time on finding what others buy through Taobao and buy same things as it may be helpful for their life. They are wasting time and money on what they should do best on their life.\
Therefore, online shopping are wasting money and time with no end today.\
\
34min}