{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 33.When teachers assign projects on which students must work together, the students learn much more effectively than when they are asked to work alone on projects.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether teacher should assign projects to students for group work or let them work alone starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that students solve problems alone could help them form the ability of doing things independently. However, from my perspective, it is better for teacher to assign work for students to solve together, for peer pressure, helping each other, and invoking new ideas.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\
Firstly, peer pressure would help students work harder. Due to the fact that students are sensitive to appreiciation of their behaviours from classmates. Giving them time and chance to work together would help them to behave better and more effectively than they doing projects alone.\
For example, once my chinese teacher provided me a lists of poems to us for reciting, we are really excited and do not to be last one of my group. We are fully motivated by the competition within the group and we all finished this test as quick as possible.\uc0\u160 \
On the contrary, if teacher had assigned us doing the homework alone, we would use\uc0\u160  more time to finish and feel boring about this project.\
Therefore, peer pressure would acclecrate process of finishing projects.\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, by working together students can help each other and doing well together. Since not each student have mastered all the hard points, surly there are some difficulities for students to overcome. By working together students can ask each other and solve the problem they face more efficiently through debating.\
For example, in scienfitic research area, there are always grouping working for a project such as moon landing plan. Through the hard work of NASA members, they solve the difficulties step by step from emitting, landing and recycling. Finally they built the whole system and made it.\
While, the difficulities we face may not be the problem in practice of the whole and we get light from our group members through working together.\
Therefore, students should work together to solve problem.\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, students can get improvements by hardworking of oneself. \
Nonetheless, we can creat innovation from communicating.\
As one philospher said we can get mutiple ideas from communicating two ideas of each other, it is important to get insight of others to know things from different perspective. This will creat new ideas and innovation.\
For example, Newton wrote letters of Leibniz and they developed calculus independently. It is great for two smart minds change ideas and solving problems together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 In a nutshell, it is better for teacher to assign work for students to solve together, for peer pressure, helping each other, and invoking new ideas.\
}