{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 26.It\uc0\u160 is\u160 better\u160 for\u160 children\u160 to\u160 choose\u160 jobs\u160 that\u160 are\u160 similar\u160 to\u160 their\u160 parents\'a1\'af jobs\u160 than\u160 to\u160 choose\u160 jobs\u160 that\u160 are\u160 very\u160 different\u160 from\u160 their\u160 parents\'a1\'af job.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether children should choose jobs similar to parents' jobs starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that children should choose what parents do, because they have better connection with them.  However, from my perspective, it is better for children to choose regardless of what parents do, for career passion, trending opportunity, and free space.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, one should choose what he love and follow his passion. Due to the fact that one can do best only he loves what he do, it is better for one to choose his job at what he has passion on. So when children are choosing their jobs, it is better for them to do what they love and do their best. That would be good to both his life and work.\
For example, when Dong Mingzhu was an offical workers at a small town in 1978, she decided to leave and become a saleswoman. She chose what she love instead of doing what she was told by her parents for secure. By doing so, she followed her passion in the last 40 years and she became the CEO of company. \
On the contrary, if she had have stayed in position for connection with her family, she would never be a successful woman now.\
Therefore, it is better to follow one's dream and passion to choose job.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, time changes with new trending and opportunities. Since parents and children live in different times, there are new opportunities in each time. It is better for children to choose what is new than what has existed for a long time since they can make more money in a new area.\
For example, in 10 years ago, my parents will never thought there would be such a scale of internet commerce today. I became a software developer since I saw the booming of intertnet. Indeed now I made more money than my parents before because of new opportunities brought by time.\
While, if I had went back to my hometown, I would never make that much money.\
Therefore, it is better to let children to catch the new opportunity.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, family connection would help children in their career. \
Nonetheless, in new area, there are lots of free space for one to build by oneself. \
As no one had entered into a new area before, it is best time for young people to develop and build network from start by themselves.\
For example, in area like internet commerce, young people can build rules with development of company together since it is completely new. In such an area, children can do what they want instead of care too much about connection.\
Therefore, it is good for children to explore new area that parents had never touched before.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, it is better for children to choose regardless of what parents do, for career passion, trending opportunity, and free space.\
\
\
26min}