{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 37.Because people are busy doing so many different things, they do very few things well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the debate on whether\uc0\u160 people are busy doing so many different things so they do very few things well starts, people\'a1\'afs opinions differ considerably. Some argue that people can do diffierent all things well when doing many things together, because people can do what they are familiar. However, from my perspective, before do several things well people should do one thing, for limited time, efforts, and money.\
My reasons are as follows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \cb3 \
Firstly, practice makes perfect and practice needs time. Due to the fact that all the skills must be learned from practicing so many times, people have to put lots of time on doing it if they want to master the skill. So people have to know the acutal time they need to spend on that and do it well. \
For example, by studying major at university, it is better for one to prepare on exam full time at one area. I prepared my exam with all my time and I did make a good score everytime.\uc0\u160 On the contrary, if I had prepared my exam and took part in other group meeting, I would never finish my timetable.\
Therefore, it is best for me to put all my time in doing one thing to have a happy ending.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Secondly, efforts can only be put into one thing for focusing. Since focusing is necessary for every process, we need to spend our efforts on what we do at one time. That is useful for us to make achievements and do things well.\
For example, when I was preparing my art project, cell phone and ipad keep distracting me since they push endless notification to me. They were all ads and gave me nothing useful but make me do trivial things. I had to close all those devices and focus on my project with inspiration. Then I made myself the best picture I have created.\
While, I would never be able to finish that if I had have been busy with useless things.\
Therefore, putting efforts on project makes one do things well.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
Admittedly, there are someone could find others to help them do many things successfully.\
Nonetheless, we have to pay someone to help us. \
As doing things one at a time by putting all our efforts and time, we can save our money instead of seeking help from others, so we are able to finish all those things naturally.\
For example, if one country could lanch rocket independently, they could save a lot of money to pay other countries to lanch. That is why each country are focusing on make progress on science now to save money and build great industry system.\
Therefore, we can save out limited money on doing things well.\
\cb1 \cb3 \
In a nutshell, before do several things well people should do one thing, for limited time, efforts, and money.\
\
31min}